Don't go to this school. It is a complete joke. Just about all of the math classes are taught by Grad students. Grads students are not professors by any standards.. The advisors are terrible. Most of the instructors that I have had are really smart but cant teach. If I were you, I would STAY AS FAR AWAY AS YOU CAN.
Excited for games on the red turf!
As someone from the CS department, you can do better.  It is not a terrible school, there are good professors there but for ever decent teacher you find you will have to struggle past 2 others who have no business being a professor.
It is what you make it.
It is very bad school for international students. EWU do not have a good serves for international students. Do not go there!!!
its a party school. the campus is shitty. you probably would be better off going to a community college. there arent as many sororities or frats. the only place on campus good to eat at is the roost.
EWU is a very nice campus. The professors are all willing to help and the students are considerate and respectful.
NCAA D1 FOOTBALL CHAMPS! Wonderful school with 4 seasons... the quality of people that attend this school is one reason why I am so happy I chose EWU (I'm coming from Southern California). Gonzaga is close by and they have an elitist attitude and are rude individuals. I'm proud to say Eastern students rise above that and are nice people!
This is an awesome school for someone looking for a well-rounded education and social experience.  They are "the little engine that could."  Professors are awesome.  Athletics are up and coming.  Classes are interesting and informative.  For the price, this place can't be beaten
That it seems teachers spoon feed most of the their students. i am guessing to keep the schools stats up, if you just do your best or from I have seen half of your best you will do well at this school. I am surprised I actually think this school is so much easier than the community college I transfered from.
Compared to what I learned in high school, this college has really helped me. I went from being a 2.5 GPA student to a 3.5+ student. If you talk to the right faculty here, they will usually do whatever they can to help you.
I love EWU so much! The faculty and staff may not be the most prestigious, but they care about their students. Also, the bars in Cheney aren't too bad either. It's small enough to where you make friends that will last a lifetime, but it's also near Spokane so you don't feel so isolated.
I'm from western WA and yes, it was hard to adapt for the first couple weeks to the east side of the state. However I now love eastern WA and EWU's campus! We are an involved community and there are so many beautiful things to see. Cheney is a small college town but were only about 15 miles away from the big city of Spokane. People talk a lot of cr
Every class you end up in some kind of team with your grade dependant on some bozo head who doesn't care and is more than happy to let others do all the work for a grade.  If I chose again, I'd go somewhere where my work was my own and I didn't have to do double duty in three classes to protect my GPA.
This university is rated as "best value" for good reason.  The tuition is very reasonable relative to other regional universities yet there is the opportunity to obtain a first class education.  you have to want it though.  It is basically what you make of it.opportunities are there for people who are willing to work for it.
Eastern has a lot of different type of people and is the perfect size so that you don't know everyone, but you can still run into someone at least once a day on your way to class... :) which gives you an excuse to smile.
At first I was skeptical about Eastern, but after attending for a year I have come to enjoy it. I am a biology major and have realized that any college is really what you make of it. There are good and bad profs, the campus is nice, people are all friendly, good resources, and great sports program. The bar scene is limited, but Spokane is close.
Some proffesors suck, others are amazing, just hope you get the good ones!
Eastern is what you make of it. I personally like the campus and the location. The professors I have had so far (granted, I'm only in my second quarter here) have been of decent quality, and the people here are nice, open and accepting. Opportunities to connect with other students and the community are here, but you have to attempt to reach out.
Its below freezing four months out of the school year. Cheney is boring so the college advertises that it's close to Spokane, which is not much better. Dorms are a NIGHTMARE. Everyone I know who's lived in the dorms wanted to move out after their first quarter. For the price of tuition, you'd be better off paying out-of-state somewhere else.
good school for what you pay
Over the past year we have seen many improvements for example the Math Department in no longer tough by grad students.
The social work department makes frequent use of non PhD level instructors to teach a lot of classes. This diminishes the value of our student education.
I love that the area is known to have 4 good solid seasons, and the education that I'm getting is beyond great :)
The campus is beautiful no matter what time of year and the dorms are a good size and close to campus. but, the food gets old fast and the math department sucks! other that that i am very happy with my decision to attend ewu.
LOVE it here!
Proud to be an Eagle! (:
I transfered here from WSU for financial issues and wow..I am just blown away how bad this school is. The math department is terrible. It is a known fact and there was an article written in the school newspaper that 50% of students fail their first math course taken at EWU. Also does not offer much choice in language. Terrible.
I love EWU
Unless you are a business major, there are little to no off-campus options, online classes are rare (and EXTREMELY expensive).  Most classes are taught by adjuncts or graduate students.  It is a decent university for an 18 year old whose parents pay their way through, but it is terrible for anyone... with a job.
Proud to be an eagle :)
Eastern was recently ranked as a national Top 50 Best Value school, but I beg to differ. If you can't afford to move out of the Spokane area and you're declaring a notable EWU major, then it COULD be the right choice. Otherwise, don't bother defaulting to the school just because it's one of the universities near Spokane.
Comments are required, huh? It's a gorgeous school. Good food. Teachers who generally care a lot about whether you are learning the material and not just machining through the class. Still working on their awareness/support/scheduling to help the 20% of student body who are parents and have childcare and scheduling issues.
The biggest mistake I've ever made was transferring to this terrible school. No one values intelligence here. None of the teachers value students who work hard. I've only ever been mocked for wanting to participate in class. Cheney is the ugliest and most boring city in the state. I could go on for days about how bad this school is. Don't go here.
I'm about to graduate and I have really enjoyed my time at Eastern. I've had wonderful professors with the exception of one or two, I've never had a course taught by a grad student, and the staff and students are friendly. I also love the location. Close to Spokane but it still has a safe, small town feel. The dorms are simple dorms. Very pleased.
Eastern is a good solid school. This is not Ivy league but for a small school located in a small town it works very well and is a great place to get a high quality education without racking up $100,000 in debt. The only drawback that I see is that they have very limited graduate student programs and I will be transferring after is get my Bachelors.
I've been very impressed with EWU. It has exceeded my expectations and I am very satisfied with my decision.
I've had office workers talk down to me and treat me awful when I go in to find out why my paperwork never went through the system. Almost every department has professors who will actually RUIN student careers to make themselves look good. I regret attending this university.
It's really great School. Love it
Its decent but some teachers need to relearn how to teach and what it is like to be a student again.
The math dept sucks.
good
Very average school w/ only a couple decent departments. Boring town, boring, small campus. Lack of good food. URC is closed too much. Have had some decent professors, but no great ones. Terrible Math & Spanish departments. Biggest complaint would be the GECR requirements and how you can't get into any of those REQUIRED classes come sign-up time!
Very average school w/ only a couple decent departments. Boring town, boring, small campus. Lack of good food. URC is closed too much. Have had some decent professors, but no great ones. Terrible Math & Spanish departments. Biggest complaint would be the GECR requirements and how you can't get into any of those REQUIRED classes come sign-up time!
Great school!
I had a wonderful experience there and wouldn't hesitate to recommend it!
Great school!
Eastern is amazing. In the fall, with all of the leaves falling from the trees it is so beautiful. All of the staff is so helpful. The buildings are mostly made out of brick and they are just beautiful as well. Choose Eastern. Go Eags!
Forget Disney land, this is the happiest place on earth!
I have been wanting to go to EWU since I was in middle school. Now, the actual reality of going here is like a dream come true. I love EWU. Everything is wonderful and I love being there. They make sure you graduate and know what you want to do. They have a math and English help where you can go to get advice. The Prof are overall great. Visit EWU!
Love EWU, so glad i made the decision to come here. I just hate driving from Spokane to Cheney everyday!
Go Eags!
Be aware of departmental political infighting that exists, and if the students are involved and become personal targets--avoid those profs and you will do well
awesome  great, incredible super fantastic wonderful fun fabulous lovely magic best better wow great incredible super fantastic wonderful fun fabulous lovely magic best better wow great incredible super fantastic wonderful fun fabulous lovely magic best better wow great incredible super fantastic fun fabulous wow dope super fantatstic best magic be
Mostly a school for premed, teaching, and social services.  Not a very good school or science and is notorious for having one of the worst math departments known (its totally true!)
Eastern is the best kept secret in WA state. Some programs could improve but others are exceptional. I'm getting ample experience with networking and job shadows/internships. I learn with little "theory" and more experience; and, Eastern has provided this for me. Go Eags!
For as much flack as Eastern gets for being the fall back school for Washington kids, it's a really good choice. Excellent film, business, engineering, and teaching programs. Eastern is what you make it, and so far, I've made it rock... :P
I liked it.
Everyone is super friendly and the school is small enough that you don't have to run from class to class if they are back to back. Love the campus, its beautiful. And don't forget how awesome our football games are!
Pick a different school, if you can. Eastern seems to be the place for people who can't get into any other school in Washington. Seems to be only a step above a community college. There are some hidden gems of professors, but you have to be careful. Registration is a nightmare, and good luck trying to interact with administration.
I really like this school, its affordable and the education is high quality and the campus is diverse
EWU is a great, quite school that allows students a lot of opportunities. I love this school and am very proud to be an Eagle!
The campus is very beautiful, but some of the buildings are older and not very nice. The professors are not very good and seem super lazy.
Great school one of the more inexpensive major universities in the state, lots of on campus jobs!
Eastern is an okay school. It's nothing compared to UW, but with it being the only 4 year in the state that offers things such as dental hygiene, many are attracted to come here.
Few professors are will to make any changes to benefit the education of their students. A perfect example of the flaws of tenure.
Definitely make friends with the faculty here. The ones you talk to will help you throughout your schooling.
It is a small university. EWU is near the spokane,  student can go to spokane 20mins.
I absolutely love EWU! The best college in Washington! It's not as expensive as WSU or UW, the food is good, the teachers are great, the campus is beautiful, the red turf is awesome, only 15-20 min. away from Spokane, it's pretty much perfect! Go Eagles! :)
Great campus, one of the best layouts I've seen and gorgeous during every season. living on campus (specifically dressler or pearce) your first year will make you experience ALOT better. There are some truly great professors and people here. Great location, small town but spokane is only 20 min away!
with dinning, some places are better than others but overall dinning is ok, and its getting better.  The Campus is beautiful but it does get cold in the winter and we get snow.. lots and lots of snow!!!
EWU is a great place if you enjoy small town mentalities,  weekend nights that end at 1 am, SNOW and bad internet connection. There are some positives about going here like anywhere else, but this is not a campus I would recommend to a friend.
If you are planning on going into the Education Program here, the apple of their Literacy, Reading, & Writing program is gone.... along with their respect.
It's shrug
Eastern gets a bad rap for being so small and being located in a small town--the closest city is not even that big--mostly from transfers who have had a better experience at universities that are costing them too much money. It's a fall back school for a lot of people, but it's an amazing school if you don't go in thinking it will be terrible.
EWU's a smaller school, but for what it offers it's wonderful. I love it here. There's usually not much to do on the weekends, but staff members really care about you and try to do their best for you. If you're looking to party your way through college, you'll be bored, but if you're actually a serious student, you won't regret it.
My experience here so far is satisfactory. Love the fall around here, so many pretty leaves and trees surround the area! People are aways nice and just go about their business. Walking around campus and smelling the food makes me drool though I rarely eat here cause its a little pricey. Also theres a ton of coffee stands which I absolutely love!
Love this campus. Very pretty, the walkways are picturesque. Offers a lot of free things, like t-shirts and ice cream and even flu shots. Professors are very nice and caring so far. And I love my guidance counselor!
Anything Math department related is awful. They advertise a small Teacher to student ratio but the teachers dont know how to teach.
This is Home. no questions asked. I love Eastern! Great School, most of the professors are  invested in your success, great club activities and student involvement great campus life and leadership opportunities! (need better food though) and the Campus police are seriously the coolest people ever!  #fact love this place!!!! Proud eagle right here!
This school is on the come up
Best campus around! they get you involved in everything!
Great campus that is very family friendly. Love the community!
If you like a small campus atmosphere and are here to work with a little partying on the side then this place is for you.
Absolutely gorgeous.
Nice campus, mixed feelings about professors. On campus eating is delicious, great varieties!
This campus is gorgeous. New buildings. State of the art library. Many dining opportunities. The staff make it. They love being there and helping students. Very organized and helpful. So glad I am there.
EWU has state of the art computers and printers in library.  Labs are well stocked and not restricted to professors only (like Gonzaga).  Professors and employees really care about students.  It is a sleepy, safe, little town.   Grounds are beautiful.  Many dining opportunities.   Huge state of the art writing center.
