A university with a small college feel. I have enjoyed most courses, small class sizes (LOVE!) and Professors instead of aids. Overall I have enjoyed the experience
EWU is commonly thought of as a "last resort" school, but I've found it to be a "diamond in the rough". Every one of my professors has been competent and truly caring,  the student body is friendly and down-to-earth, tuition is inexpensive, and the bus system tofrom Spokane is efficient (and FREE to students!). Oh yeah, did I mention the ice rink?
EWU is a great campus. All the teachers are nice ad helpful. The student body is friendly and there are little to no cliques. Probably could use a few more food options. The location is beautiful and the air is clean. Best school in Washington.
It's a severely underrated school. Many of the professors here are better qualified than those at UW and WSU. People seem to think less of the school simply because it is cheaper, but in reality we are outperforming bigger schools like Gonzaga in terms of jobs and academics. I love it here.
I found EWU to be an excellent school despite a reputation as "a school that would take just about anyone." The instructors are outstanding, the campus is picturesque with all the red brick, and the students are friendly. I had an amazing experience attending here. I received a top notch education for a bargain price.
I thought that coming to EWU from Spokane Falls would be an upgrade; I couldn't have been more wrong. The facilities and buildings are atrocious, class sizes too big, and tuition too high. The student body is inferior in discipline and professionalism. The city of Cheney is a joke at best. I'm glad I'm done after one year: couldn't stomach another.
Eastern is a good for what you get (cheapest University tuition in Washington, no complaints there). I find myself stressing every quarter getting in the classes I need because they are most of the time almost full in class, so be prepared to wake up every morning early to sign up for classes unless if your senior status.
Love it here! Greek life is great.
The campus is absolutely stunning and I love experiencing all four seasons every year. The teachers can be good but they are difficult to find, too many student teachers for my liking. Math department is awful. Psych department is fine. If you have an opportunity to go somewhere better, go, otherwise EWU is nice and pretty.
The campus is awesome, some of the profs are great but a lot of them arent!  The math department sucks like no other.  No one seams to know what to do or who to talk to and you normally have to talk to 5 people before you end up talking to the first person you talked to to get it fixed.
Eastern is a okay school. Most of the students aren't bad, but I've had better days in high school. There is not many food options on campus, especially healthy.
Eastern is an awesome school and has a beautiful campus. It is located in a small farming community and about 15 mi. from Spokane which has a much more urban feel. Eastern has a rep for being a budget campus due to lower tuition rates but the professors here are great and there are a lot of really cool people.
Eastern may not get a lot of respect around these parts (thanks, WSU), but it's a great small school experience.  The only thing I really despise about this campus are the food options!!! Luckily, the PUB is getting remodeled which may bring a Panda Express or Chipotle!
Freshmen are required to live on campus. EWU makes plans, but frequently does not think them through all the way. Parking can be a nightmare. Food can be sketchy, avoid the meat at the buffet. Wifi ALL over campus is a plus. If you are a Chem major though, PICK ANOTHER SCHOOL. Nobody has had a good experience with Chem here. +Cheapest school in WA.
I have mixed feelings about EWU. Most of my professors were fine, some were great, and some were awful. The teachers in the Music and Education departments were great, the Art department was mostly good, the English and Spanish departments were 5050, and I heard MathScience profs are really tough. Nice campus though, amazing Library!!!
I don't live on Campus and I work full time so it's definitely harder to make classes work. Most of the professors I've had are really nice and work with you if you have that kind of schedule. Parking for the most part is okay but they tend to  sell passes to kids who park their cars there all quarter giving us commuters the far away spots.
I love Eastern. Sure there are a few issues here and there, but overall pretty great. Campus is beautiful, and you're just 20 minutes from Spokane if you want to go into the city. There are lakes and plenty of hiking around, so as an outdoorsy person, I love it! Food and internet could use some work, but they actually are working on it currently!
Great campus, decent professors. Has a horrible math department though
Eastern is a nice, smaller school and is in a nice location. Has good sports and overall education is pretty decent. Math department is horrible though. Parties are pretty lame. Sororities and Frats are pretty much hated by everyone unless you're in the Greek system. The campus is not very pretty. People here are fairly nice. Choose a diff school
Nice smaller university.
I love being at EWU. Great school with lots of opportunities and fantastic learning curriculum. I have enjoyed the professors here, and the grounds feel safe and there is always something going on to enjoy.
I love this school! The people here for the most part are great  and the campus is beautiful.
Eastern is a great school. I love the teachers and the library is fantastic. Food is okay,  though not great. I really like the new plans for the PUB, as well as the new Patterson Hall. Grounds are very beautiful, especially in the Spring. I wish they would fix up the Art Building more, however.
EWU is a great school I LOVED my years there.  Perhaps one of its strengths is its passionate sports fans, if that is something you are into.  Also larger Spokane is only a short free half hour buss ride away.
Overall a good campus. Plus we have a RED field!
If you're looking for a small, friendly community with good academics and a relaxed feel eastern would be good for you. There's a large variety of people here and for the most part I've found it to be a fairly welcoming and friendly campus. Depending on your major and career prospects this could be a great school for you.
Go Eagles! Great campus, wonderul professor's,  and good good good food options
Beautiful campus. Small college town but close to Spokane.
I am only a Freshman, and it is only my first quarter, but I enjoy my time on campus. There is never nothing to do. Everyone is very friendly (teachers included).
I was a lost and confused college student, unsure about what I wanted to do with my life, transferring from Washington State University. When I arrived at Eastern Washington University, I really felt like I was at home with the people, professors, and campus. Go Eagles!
I thought I was going to hate it here (I only went because it was the best options financially) but I actually really enjoy myself. The campus is small but lovely and we have really good facilities. I'm getting a great education at a really affordable price.
I'm a freshman this year but it is a great school for such a great price! It is way better than expected for being the cheapest University in the state. Love it here and there are many great things to get involved in and have a great time.
This is a great school but the food isn't great... but everyone is really nice!
I love this school and I don't know why people complain. It's got a small town feel that I adore, but all the conveniences of Spokane just twenty minutes away.
Do your best to NOT work with Records and Registration. They lost my transcripts TWICE. Administration is not very helpful, campus is growing old. Life on campus now required for Freshmen (I have lived here all 3 years for the convenience) Events every Thursday for students. Decent school, cheapest in the state. Many clubs.
Small school, hardly anying to do in Cheney. I find myself going to Spokane a lot, so I suggest taking a vehicle. Campus is really pretty during fall. As a freshman, classes have been easy so far.
It works for me.
Cheney is small with little to do. Spokane is 30 minutes away by car, an hour by bus.  Certain programs are better than others; math is terrible, physics is bad but getting better. Campus is okay. Food is terrible and overpriced. Dorms are good except for Pierce and Dressler.
Small school with not the smartest students... Admissions standard are non existent.
This is a great campus. Many activities for students to participate. Great teachers. If you get bored on campus, Spokane really close. The only complaint is that food is a little expensive.
Terrible math program. Advisors and office workers are never helpful and rarely know what they are doing. Bad communication when it comes to registration and financial aid. More hassle than it might be worth.
Personally love it here. I live in Spokane and commute out here, which make work and school life easy. There isn't a lot to do in Cheney, but has a fun small town feel to it. Affordable and has a good business program.
Not great, not bad.
Great University and lots of opportunities if you know where to look. They have programs to help just about anybody who is undecided on what they plan to major in. The alumni are great and really intelligent staff, but sometimes it feels like they are forced to teach out of there comfort zone. But they are always willing to help.
I LOVE Eastern! It is my home away from home. The campus is beautiful, there is not a lot to do in Cheney, but Spokane is just a short drive away. The staff and Professors at EWU really care about you and the subject they are teaching! The student population is the perfect size (not to big not to small)! I couldn't see myself anywhere else!!
Cheney is a good middle area before heading into the real word, especially with spokane being a short drive away.
Eastern gets a bad rep for being in a small city but people forget that it's just outside of Spokane and there is actually a lot to do. EWU is actually doing better than some of the other state schools in terms of getting graduates jobs and is more accredited in some colleges than some of the local private schools.
LOVE IT
While it's a terrible commute everyday, there is certainly a nice atmosphere on campus.  The professors largely care about your success and it's not too big or too small.  I definitely do love the diversity and acceptance for people of all walks of life here.  They're definitely making improvements to things like the PUB.  Overall, I recommend.
Outstanding university
Great school
Food isn't all that great, and Cheney isn't a very exciting town. Campus is well maintained and looks amazing during the spring, summer and early fall.
I chose eastern because I got bad grades in high school and because eastern has the lowest tuition rates of all the public four year universities in Washington state. Faculty is okay, student body a bit more disappointing. This school is more of place to get career training than it is an academic institution, this is reflected in the student body.
Simply put, waste of my time and money.
I don't see a lot of the campus because all of my classes are within the music building. Overall the school is pretty nice, but the music department as a whole is a disaster. I wouldn't recommend getting yourself into a situation like this.
Food is terrible- except for the falafel stand. It's run by an Egyptian family whose kids graduated from here. They are the nicest people ever and the food is delicious. Understandably, they are not here on Fridays. Skip the other food on campus.
Nice campus but some buildings haven't been updated in several decades.
Close to Spokane and has a really good sushi place in Downtown Cheney.
You can tell it's a cheaper school, but its not awful.
As far as four year public universities in Washington state, EWU is probably the worst, this or maybe CWU. Its not that it's horrible, its just not nearly as good as any of the other schools in our state. Cheney is super boring and there's very little here. Socially its like high school round 2. There are almost no clubs to be found.
It's a cute university, with not much to do unless you go to Spokane. Wifi connection is okay, depending where your at. Some of there dorms are run down and old, make sure you really look at the dorms and actually like them before you apply for housing.  Be careful if you are walking alone at night, especially if going to parties.
Such a great school. Small, cozy town close to Spokane with great opportunities for all the students. I would recommend this school to anyone!
Engineering major. The department needs help. Hard to get the classes you need or want, advisers don't know what they are doing, or don't care. Don't care how long you stay here. some bad professors but also some good ones. I cant wait to be done here. If i wasn't so close to being done I would drop out or transfer.
I am in love with this campus and the University. Its fairly easy to get to the nearby major city, there is connection everywhere on campus, and for the most part the buildings are nice too. Everyone is available to help you out. I would definitely recommend this school to anyone and every one. #ItsAGreatDayToBeAnEagle
I came form out of state and I feel like this is my home away from home.  I love the campus, the beautiful trees, and the (4!) bars within walking distance. I have always felt very safe, even walking home at night by myself as a female. Greek life is so much fun and I have made so many friends form it, it's not your typical sorority or fraternity.
Love it here so much! especially on campus living! So much to do for those who live on campus!
EWU is an awesome school for anybody who wants a good home away from home! Lots of places for off campus living and opportunities to get started with your life. I got accepted to every college I applied to, but visiting EWU I felt like I was at home. Not a day goes by where I regret that decision. Having a Fantastic Football team helps!
Overall, I've had a great experience here. I've had fantastic teachers who have abundant office hours. Unlike huge schools, you can go straight to the professor and get and questions answered.  Professors notice when you show initiative.  It's got that small school feel without being too small. Cheney is close to Spokane and that is a huge plus!
So many clubs.  There are clubs for us nerds too, like video game club and Pokemon club.  There aren't many campus activities besides sports events, but the dorm events (if you choose to live in one) make up for that usually.
Its great and I love this place.
This university provides all that you would expect to get form a university. Everything is satisfactory. Not a super exciting location but the campus is nice and clean. The tuition is also affordable ( compared to other universities).
Like it here a lot.
EWU is ok. If you take any classes in the health department, there are no windows, and hardly ever any toilet paper in the bathrooms. I have tried emailing the school several times about various questions and have never once received a reply. The only reason I give this school a good rating is because my teachers are phenomenal.
I like it at eastern. I don't live on campus so I drive to school everyday or ride the bus.  wish there was more social life here or more on campus activities during the day, maybe that will change as i have only attended winter quarter and it's my first quarter
Great University, Good Faculty, and Great people attend. You will meet people of all cultures. If you are a fan of sports, this is your school. Well respected school from an athletic standpoint. I have never felt unsafe at the university. Spokane is a short drive away but Cheney has all you need. I highly recommend this EWU  to anybody!
EWU is a respected school... in Eastern WA. It's pretty much what you would expect from a small state university. They have been remodeling lately. There's a fair amount going on for everyone to choose from. There are a lot of non-traditional students (older than 18-23 or parents.) Free buses with ID. Spokane is close. Affordable & a good value.
It is a really nice campus
Lots of clubs and organizations to be part of, on campus jobs aren't the best but a job is a job. I love Eastern and have made some really amazing people while being here, I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
I love the faculty and how beautiful the campus is
EWU is awesome! I have attended both lecture and online classes for 3 years and I have only ever ran into one bad professor. The campus is well kept, even during construction, there are clubs for everyone, 15 minutes from Spokane, tuition is fair, and there is lots to do off campus as well. Very low crime, and the PD is very on top of everything
Eastern is an amazing school if you enjoy a safe and inviting community. The Greek life population is not the majority, nor does it feel like the majority. Opportunities are waiting for you to grab them. Faculty and staff and always available to help.
Eastern Washington University is a great university that is by far underrated. It is not perfect but i have had great opportunity here. I love the campus and the friendliness of the people.
Really like the campus. Small, but charming. EWU always seems to have events happening. Chem dept. is not very good though. Other than that, the professors are very knowledgable here. Not much to do in Cheney, but Spokane is only a 20 minute drive. Nice gym and ice rink. Football is lit.
Food sucks, if you end up going here don't even bother eating at Tawanka Main Street dining, they take the meal counts so get as little of those as possible when your choosing your meal plan. Very little to no vegan options unless you like salad every day.
I'm just there to learn, I don't pay attention to much else. It's great for me!
It's great to be an eagle!
The school is pretty good. I like how inexpensive it is compared to other universities and it's actually nice despite that. It is very small and somewhat hard to find a group if you live off campus or are not from the area, but there's a pretty welcoming community in general
Eastern is a modern university that is adjusting to the time and has some nice features that other university's do not.
There's a reason this school is cheaper than others. The teachers are apathetic about their subjects and don't hold standards to their students. Their hubris is enough to choke a crowd, there is no communication between departments and no accountability for sub-par teachers. School isn't about amenities, it's about education. Get yours elsewhere.
These last four years have provided me with many friends, opportunities, and great memories. The classes in my major made me feel prepared for the real world and I'm excited to start! The main dining and lounging area is and has been under construction, so campus will be improved shortly.
