Currently the PUB is under construction which is a bummer, but once it is finished it'll be legit. Overall, it's a great campus.
Eastern has a wonderful small campus for how many students attend, its very easy to get around. Some buildings are nicer than others but none are truly sketchy. The staff is generally very kind and willing to listen to extenuating circumstances. Wi-fi isn't the best??? but its public and free and you have it for the most part. Campus is very safe.
Recent grad. This is a second class education. While it has great opportunities such as Running Start, the quality of teaching and admin is poor at best.
I am a freshman moving from the greater Seattle area. The location is a very small town but I like how close it is to Spokane if you need to go to a big city. I love all my professors thus far as well as a great academic chair who are always there to encourage students. I live in the dorms and they are what youd expect, nothing special.
Nice school
aye
The campus environment is nice and well maintained. The main dinning place under cooks the meat and has the same choices every week with little to no variety. As a college student you use Wifi a lot and the wifi at EWU is super spotty, as sometimes I can connect in my dorm and other times I am struggling to find a connection.
Great school tons of opportunity
Eastern Washington University is such a great school. All of the students and faculty here are accepting and very generous. A very good school to go if you are looking for the "college experience". The greek life is also very connected with one another and is also a great system.
It's a great school overall, and less student loans needed to survive here !
This was my cheap choice but there are so many different kinds of classes to take! Its worth it.
Its a fine school! My favorite part is the low tuition. If you can manage to get yourself out of the dorms, its very affordable.
I have mixed feelings; the school is excellent for traditional students (Just out of highschool, dependent) but lacks help for the non traditional student (families, independent, single parents). Tuition is cheap, but they add on fees everywhere they can. Overall, not bad, but be prepared for difficulties if you're a parent and paying your own way.
Very well known for sports, other than that did not know much about Eastern. Very nice campus, the REC center is amazing, top in the nation, and the new PUB is opening up as well in Fall 2018, which will be great. Just gets very sad when winter quarter hits, because it is the longest quarter and the gloomiest. But, not a bad choice, also very cheap
This place is just average with terrible food.
Great school. I enjoy everything they offer. Admin and professors want you to succeed and living in the res. halls are a must for 1st years!
The price of tuition makes up for what the campus/school lacks
Great university for anybody in Washington, or nearby. Low tuition, good teachers.
Feel unwelcome on campus. Would not recommend for non traditional students. Student services are a huge mess. Website is unusable and difficult. Good teachers but thats about it.
My Freshman year I hated Eastern. Although, I have gotten more involved my Sophomore year and I LOVE it! Join clubs, go on the weekend long trips they have, and generally just get more involved. The classes are fairly easy and so far all my professors care more about your learning than the amount of homework you have. Also campus is beautiful!
meh
EWU is a good local- cheap choice. The Communication department is great! I truly enjoyed getting my CMST degree here, while also taking soc/ leadership classes.
It's a good campus.
I like it here. Far away from home, but close to a big city. It is small enough to make close friends, but big enough to always find people you don't know. A bit frustrated that is is under constant construction, but it is well needed construction.
really good university they do a lot to help the students even things you wouldn't think about. easy to access technology, long library hours, easy to navigate and nice seasonal campus with a good number of professors. staff is always very helpful.
a lot of fun here.
low rating on the food: your paying theme park price and meal plans actually lose you money. It tastes amazing, but unless your food is covered in scholarship, you're packing your lunch each day.
Extremely safe campus. Nice place. Pretty good professors. You get more than what you pay for. More cost effective than Gonzaga.
Little involvement in clubs go big in Greek (although Multicultural Greek has a horrible rep due to drama and cattiness). Low academic rigoreasy grades. EWU previously had a good rep for their Ed programs, but Whitworth and Gonzaga have taken those titles. STEM programs are awesome at EWU! Most activities are mid day, so work part time.
Great university
Eastern is a good school, but only for some things, If you need to take chemistry at all DO NOT take it at eastern. SCC and SFCC have better chem professors. The new pub is nice, and the food is definitively better. The dorms are fun if you keep your door open and be friendly to everyone.
I cannot wait to get out of Cheney. Freshman year I was so excited to be here. I never encourage anyone to attend this school: spend the extra bucks (realistically not that much) and go somewhere else. Faculty doesnt care, sports are decent, but not worth the hassle. Attend a different school.
I love Cheney! Close to Spokane but not in the heavy traffic. The dorms are great - especially if you can get a newer one. And Rosas Pizza is the best! lol
Definitely not a huge state college but I think that it makes it feel more like one big community. The price is great compared to state universities and I feel like you get an even better education as the classes are usually smaller and you really get to know your professors.
I love Eastern! Granted its got it problems like every university, sometimes not the best general advising but my business major adviser was great. The faculty is good on average, for the most part in the college of business but had terrible ones but also some total awesome ones. Get involved on campus and it will be way better for you. Great ROI.
Love both riverpoint & cheney campus!
Go Eags! #2021
I absolutely adore this School!!!!!!!
Great school with fun activities
EWU is just a nice campus. The PUB and Library are very beautiful, cozy spaces. Some of the food definitely leaves a little something to be desired, but the market has a good selection and there's a Panda Express! The people here are incredibly friendly. The CRWR program has local internships and the Music Ed has a 100% placement rate. I love it!
I love this school. It's got everything you need.
Good place if you just want to come put your head down without any distractions and get your education. Also not terrible if you want to get involved and make new friends. There is an okay greek life(Rush Sig Ep,) a fair amount of bars for the size of the town, and it's close enough to Spokane so you can always find something to do!
If you live in Spokane, the commute can be long, especially during the winter. The campus is gorgeous, the people are so kind, and there are so many great events going on! The perks of being a student are awesome, I love being able to visit the clinic for free when I get sick. The food is okay, I pack my own lunches.
Cheney is Cheney. Everything is alright here.
Great school overall
Great school, good area,and friendly people
Do NOT GO HERE if you're trying to be a teacher or will have anything to do with the education department. It's a HOT MESS, the directors say that they'll "have your back" until you actually need something, and if you disagree with how they handle things they'll force you to apologize under the guise of "Professional Disposition" work. What a joke.
Great experience
Its one of the best schools ever
SO fun
Great school. Make sure to check teachers rating avoid the bad teachers and you will do great.
During COVID no building was open expect the dorms, the gym and the chow hall. They still gave us 6 different fees like "Technology fee" "Medical fee" when we had no access to the library or or any medical services expect 911. No clubs were allowed to gather, no sports took place, nobody was allowed meet any advisors, counsels or anyone.
Education program has been so disorganized. Nothing runs smoothly. Nothing is planned in advance. If u dont want frustration go somewhere else
Just a really nice campus. Everyone is friendly and there's always good places to hang out and do homework. There's also loads of food options and the campus is just really pretty especially in spring when the flowers are blooming and people are out playing with their dogs in the grass
Look, EWU obviously cares more about their sports teams than academics. They just replaced a million dollar field to a football program that is consistently losing money, year over year, and being supported by donors and students tuition. Cutting programs and professors to keep it alive. Ridiculous. Go somewhere else, where education is valued.
