The campus itself is a hidden gem, a lovely place to walk around. Many of the buildings are new and the library is a great place to study. I have made a lot of friends here and most of the professors have been great. The only drawback for me has been the administration which needs to listen more to its faculty and be involved with students.
The academic advisors had no clue what to do when I would ask them for help. It forced me to graduate a year after I had planned. The food gives everyone who eats it food poisoning and there is a major squirrel problem in some of the buildings. Also, the Campus PD doesn't really do much in the way of safety and the school doesn't care either.
I only knew about the school after the football team beat WSU and then liked it better here than WSU
about an average university
I like it here a lot, its a pretty small campus but there is a lot to do, especially being right next to spokane.
It seems okay at first but after working as a student employee I've seen a lot of big issues up close. Things are slowly changing for the better with shifts in administration, but I'll still be glad to graduate and get out.
Super Charming school right outside the second largest city in Washington. Faculty treat you like an individual and appear to genuinely care about you. There is a bunch of opportunities for research as an undergrad. The only bad things is the reputation of a small school from other people and no real options for Vegetarian or Vegan people.
I like it here
I love Eastern personally, I think that for a 'smaller' college it provides a lot of things. The staff and faculty are the best, they basically treat you like a student rather than a number on a roster.
As a business student it's nice having the Cheney and Spokane campus but also a curse, since you may need to travel between both. Faculty treats you like an adult and expects you to act like one. Advising is hit and miss. Super helpful in some situations, others it's like pulling teeth.
most of the teachers aren't great
I always wanted to come to Eastern and I don't know if I just had real high expectations or what. Overall it's not a BAD school, I like that it's small and homey and Cheney is quite a nice place. The trains SUCK though, and fire alarms in some of the dorms (*PEARCE*) suck when its 4 AM. But once you get used to it you'll be fine !!
I did 2 years here and enjoyed it. I lived off campus. It's definitely a little gloomy from November- February but still beautiful even with the ice and snow. Professors are hit and miss, some made my experience stand out and some fell short of my expectations. Watch out for history and humanities professors/ classes, pretty difficult.
Eastern Washington University is not a bad school. I have learned and grown as an individual thanks to this university, however the academic advisors are not great within 3 years I have had over 4 different academic advisors and they are not very educated on how classes can affect financial aid and will put students into avoidable circumstances.
