Being located so close to DC is a great thing, probably the only great thing about this school. The classes are cake depending on your major you will/will not be rigorously challenged. Socially, everyone knows everyone either by name, if not by face. Just think of it as high school part 2. The campus is extremely small.
The school needs better food
I would not recommend Marymount's nursing program to anyone.  The school is disorganized with terrible teachers.  Grading scale is different than most other colleges and universities...making it harder to get good grades.  If you are looking for a good education and teachers look elsewhere.
Nursing program is a disorganized mess.  Do yourself a favor: go somewhere else.
I love it here! the students are very friendly, the staff is known by name, it is like a big family! love it  love it love it!!!! the food is really good too. Only thing that i feel needs to change is the way the ballston campus looks
I really started to love Marymount! Everyone on campus is nice, and the staff is also very helpful. The caf food could improve, but it has many choices. The teachers are also very qualified, sometimes you will get a really difficult teacher, but you'll learn alot.
Marymount is not being well represented in these posts. It is a really good school, with really great teachers. Ps. The food is good too!
Marymount's nursing program is very disorganized. If I were to chose again, I would have enrolled some place else. Professors make rules as they go, projects that were not even mentioned in the syllabus come up in the middle of semester. Grading scale is ridiculous, and student advisors are typically useless. This is coming from a disappointed A st
OMG people in this Uni are kids !! its like your still attending highschool, I've never seen such kids in my life, I would not recommend this school. In the beginning you'd think its nice that its small, but after having to see the same kids everyday and all your classes you'd wish it was a bigger school.
School is ok, If you have the grades and a good resume, you will be able to get tons of scholarships/grants. It is a small campus, but location is amazing. Most students are commuters, like myself so I can't speak on the dorm life. As far as the Nursing Program, it can be frustrating, but come in with a plan to graduate and your fine.
I didn't like Marymount at first but I sucked it up because they gave me scharships. I have grown to love the school. The professors are qualified and the classes are small. It is not a school for socializing but I have made good friends here and do not need to be on campus to have fun. DC is a shuttle/metro ride away. Needs 24/7 convinient store
I think this school sucks. Their Bathrooms are ALWAYS dirty. No one ever cleans them. The Students are very much into themselves, even the "social" ones are far and few in between and would rather keep to themselves and their 2 other only friends. The teachers are also very disorganized. Lets just say I learned a lot more at NOVA.
At Marymount the proximity to DC is awesome! And all faculty and profs are great. If you live on campus you know EVERYONE. You create really good friends since the amount of residents is so small. You see everyone who lives on campus just about everyday, but the large amount of commuter students means that you'll always have someone new to meet.
It is a small private school. Very expensive but definetly worth your money.
I love Marymount
Marymount has a nice campus and faculty try to make the experience positive. The education is expensive. Transferred.
Its like attending high school. Most professors are really strict with their attendance policies and do not like when you leave class to use the restroom or take calls. There are no computers or other electronics aloud in class. I even had a class were the professor took away a students phone because he was texting while we were watching a movie..
I was looking for a small school and had been accepted to 5 large VA schools, but as soon as I came to MU, I knew this was the place for me. The faculty and staff is VERY helpful and everyone here is so nice! Dr. Shank (President) has made this campus so much better in the 2 years he has been here. Professors=AMAZING Dorms=Ehh need updating.
Don't go.
It is not worth the time and money spent. Everyone competes in a lottery to get poor housing, the nursing department is rude and disorganized and they're raising tuition like there is no tomorrow. If you want to major in art therapy they now expect you to major in art and minor in psychology to keep you in longer. Don't go here.
great professors
This is a vocational school.  Fashion design and nursing
I like going to Marymount only because I am an athlete. If it was not for the sport I would not be at or stay at MU. With each year things from campus events, to the buildings etc. seem to be getting better but it's not all there for me.
The best
Professors aren't as great as expected. I feel I'm learning very little to almost nothing in each class.
Its a very small campus. Very quiet and content. If you are a commuter then its not that good of a school because their really isn't much of any place to relax (common area) or to eat.
Its not worth going here
Not worth the money. Lots of drama and the faculty is very strict. It's just like high school. The living conditions are very poor and the housing staff could care less about the students. That goes for most of the administration. There is no school spirit and athletic events aren't usually packed. Don't go there!
great
It's the people that make this school what it is. Get some good friends and that's what you'll have.
This school puts it's money into the wrong things. Instead of fixing the dorms they buy stupid things like signs to put around campus. The campus is so small we don't need signs. We need a better living area!
Beautiful campus
I think the school provides a great learning experience with invested professors and student amenities.
you feel like you are in home
A school that is really there to help you, with lots of opportunities through developing relationships with your professors. Abundant clubs and there's always something going on, and they don't leave commuters out! The one downside is PARKING. It can take a bit of circling to find a space, or parking in the winding maze-like garages.
Nobody cares about your success.
In short I love it her
Parking is less than desirable so don't bring a car, but with the shuttle bus you don't really need one.  I'm an athlete so there are opportunities for travel and competition (Swimming).  The girls Freshmen dorms are good although rooms vary in size.  I like the people, the staff and my coach.  Tour the campus and check it all out.
-campus is beautiful -DC-metro area -shuttle to metro -insufficient parking -many opportunities (have to be willing to work hard, and get involved) -research, career center, internships, job fairs, study abroad  - many clubs (have to get out there and be proactive)  - transfer student from public univ, not a big difference in tuition
I love this school! The fashion merchandising program is amazing!
Marymount is a great small school! Like most schools, your happiness depends on what you make of your situation. This school wasn't my first choice but it gives out great scholarships that GM or GW don't. If you're driven there's no reason not to get a great job in DC or meet interesting people. Marymount provides a close community atmosphere.
Wifi honestly sucks. Like so much.
I love Marymount University. The school is literally a blank campus. It is nothing more than what you make it. There are opportunities and people that make it a memorable campus, and they practically throw money at you while you are here. Go Saints! :D
Marymount is better for schooling than it is for a social life. You enjoy good competition and sporting events, Marymount is not for you. They provide bus transportation to take you to the metro but there isn't much more than food around.
I love the school - most of my professors were amazing and I've made some really awesome friends! The campus is beautiful during the day.... but at night all the creatures come out (raccoons, rats, & mice) It's a serious problem and they need to address it ASAP! Don't be fooled by the food, its only good when theres a school tour or event going on.
