The school is overall nice, the new business building is going to be amazing. The classes are small and the teachers seem to enjoy what they teach.
Honestly this school is a solid school, teachers do care about the students and there are many things to do on campus. Marymount does have a lot to work on, but I believe with time these issues will be fixed.
It's fine if you're there for a reason, otherwise pick another school. But if you're there for something such as a sport or specific program, it's great.
I really love it here! Most students and all staff are super friendly and helpful. Lots of smiles everywhere! There is always something going on!
overall a very nice university
THE PARKING HERE IS ATROCIOUS. Why pay for a parking pass if you can't even park in the garages because there are no spots. So you park a half mile down the road, and then walk to class. Get it together, Marymount.
Beautiful area and beautiful campus. Awesome professors; they actually give a damn. Only downfall: THE PARKING. The parking is DIFFICULT. I would advise anyone NOT to buy parking passes because they honestly won't do any good and your just wasting your money. Take the metro or carpool if possible.
Some professors are awful and some are great. Over all its a nice school, very expensive and I dont know if I would do it again if I could redo my life.
It's a small school, and I feel like a lot of people either don't realize what that entails, or forget that it is. It isn't a party school, so people who want to party all the time are often upset or whatever.
Overall I love MU great school!
This campus is growing and has a lot of potential to be great. Like anything, if you want to succeed and are motivated, there are people who will help you get where you want to be. The dorms and food are not necessarily desirable, but are no worse than most other campuses. Good school, great location, and lots of opportunities.
It's about what you would expect from a private Catholic university...
Marymount is just different than other schools in many ways.
cool school
Terrible Internet. The food is at best slightly average and the environment is sickening. It really is a school you'd like if you're willing to go to the FULLEST extent to make it that way. the dorms are okay. Not too bad and the food places close at the earliest of times like 8 and 11.
Love this school!
Love this school! Extremely grateful to go here!
At first, Marymount seemed to small and boring for me to stay there, even though I was a part of a sports team and had made plenty of friends. I was used to the big school aspect because that's what my family did. I learned to stop comparing and began to love the school and even extended my college life because I love it so much.
Location is decent, more or less in a residential zone of North Arlington, the campus is small mainly commuter, food is disgusting it doesn't deserve to be called food and there are very few options. If you are going to college for any aspect of social life look elsewhere.
Love this school! It's more of an academic school than a party school (what I like). Internet sometimes kicks you off for no reason, have to relog every once and awhile. Food is no different than anywhere else.  Classes are small. The professors are great and care about what they teach. Your happiness here is what you make of it. Beautiful campus!
The graduate school here is seriously the worst. The teachers are not prepared for class and you can tell they just needed someone to fill the spot so they through in someone with the same degree. I am constantly getting emails about something wrong with the campus or the internet or some other issue. I would not recommend attending.
Its food sucks for the most part. Other than that looks good.
MU has it's good and bad. But, the bad tends to out-ways the good. I've been on this campus for 3 - 4 years now and they really need to improve especially OCRS and Sodexo. The food and dorms are crap but the professors and classes are great. Don't live on campus unless you want to see rats and deal with staff from OCRS and Sodexo that don't care.
Be ready to face negative energy from students.  Avoid the sport houses. Might as well go to the clubs in DC or hang in a friends dorm. Food is horrific at times. I ended up eating vegetables for dinner most nights. As much as we pay to go here these dorms should look like mansions by now. If you're focused on academics and location, this is it.
WIFI sucks! Some halls/rooms look like they are straight from the 50s. Marymount needs a major makeover. Food needs improvement. More vegetarian options.
Great school
Marymount is very diverse and accepting.
Professor Howe doesn't really teach she just assign work and thinks you're supposed to know how to do it. she also judges your intelligence if you use words that she thinks isn't in your vocabulary.
Great school with many opportunities but below average food.
This is school is trash. The food is horrible, teachers are a hit or miss and you can tell the students aren't in love with it. The only positive side is that since it is a small school you can built relationships with your professors who can help you in the future.
There is really not a lot of diversity at this University. It's very boring on campus!
Great location!
