It's a great campus, especially the Ballston one!
Only down side is that Marymount does not offer a full MBA Online Program, although they advertise it heavily. Only one professor teaches the same course and most courses are only offered Fall or Spring only so you may have to wait an entire year to take a class. Food is HORRIBLE.
Some old buildings smell, the internet goes in and out majority of the time. Major remodeling needs to be done.
The main campus is old, expect to be hot in the summer and cold in the winters. You'll be surrounded by a lot of entitled people. Communication for social events with commuter students needs improvement sometimes you'll get 24hr notice but usually less. Needs to up their game with the Business School, GMU prob a better investment
School needs better food, facilities, and dorms.
Marymount offers great opportunity within classes and with professosr. I love MU because of the small clasess as well as the time professors actually take to get to know you an help you throughout the class. The food is is absolutely TERRIBLE. There are rats in the dining hall so who knows what has touched the food. The dormitories also have rats.
Opportunities are endless
The main campus is old, expect to be hot in the summer and cold in the winters. AC is always broke. You'll be surrounded by a lot of entitled people. Professors only care about their paychecks, not their students. Interior Design professors are rude and not very understanding. Internet goes in and out. GMU or VCU are better investments.
Great school with great people. excels in academics. The small classroom sizes and ability to work closely with professors and faculty combined with located in the DC area creates great networks. The Business school has wonderful facilities. Tons of clubs. Small school so certain things are lacking like gym size. Lacks substitute for Greek life.
There is a lot to be fixed starting with the dorms and older buildings on campus. The food doesnt live up to what they say, and issues easily go unnoticed.
Some staff are the worst in the world they need to be changed ASAP and the main campus is old and its good for exercising because you gonna go up and down the hill a lot
Don't come to this school unless you are a part of a sports team also don't get too attached to your friends freshman year because the odds are that at least half of your friends will transfer out of here. Also the dorms are gross and not worth the amount of money you are paying for them
honestly this school should be your first choice
be careful about what you choose to eat, where you decide to live, and who you choose as your professors.
Would give the safety level a 0 if I could. My freshman year in the Berg dorms two students got into an altercation that ended with a serious stabbing. The student life is nothing special. The professors aren't that great. Most students are just here to fulfill credits and transfer out. They're only selling point is a high girl to guy ratio.
Well, events are fine but not really much of fun. Probably a good school for nursing.
Awful campus. Make sure you get on a professor's good side because if you don't you will have to try 100x harder for your grade. Many instructors cannot be contacted or do not show up to office hours. Was told so many lies during my initial visit before coming I lost track. Food is ridiculously gross and EXPENSIVE. Same with the dorms.
It's obvious that MU is more concerned about making money than anything, and is basically a community college for private school prices. Parking is a nightmare and even if you buy a parking pass the lot is almost always full. You have to walk through clouds of cigarette smoke to get into Ballston, and most kids don't actually care about school.
Love marymount, but the food is no bueno. Rumor has it that that is the next focus- I hope that is true.
stay away.
Only a handful of actually good professors but for the most part, the school seems to hire failed teachers. The students are sub par and talent pool is small. The atmosphere is unwelcoming and unsupportive. The dean/leadership is conservative and if it wasn't for the large funding, I don't think they'd accept international students.
You can tell that most of the people that rate MU on here are either bad students or negative people. All of the professors that I have had have been amazing, caring, engaging, and accessible. Internship opportunities are endless, and there is always something going on on campus. Food is the only downside, but Eat Cafe is great! I love it here.
They absolutely made the school seem way more better than it actually was, the food is absolutely garbage, the parking is limited and there is no where for visitors to park when they come and visit you. The class sizes are pretty good. Overall the campus isn't anything special and it's overpriced for what we are offered.
The teachers are wonderful, they are supportive and helpful. They really want their students to succeed. Everyone is super nice and it's in a great location. The shuttle is a great perk.
no vegetarian/vegan options. Dining hall is disgusting for dinner. Good luck with advisors or anyone else because they are difficult to deal with. Campus is BORING but DC is close. Honestly save your money and go somewhere else. Most freshman transfer after the first semester.
i like it and teachers are very understanding and cooperative
There are pros and cons to Marymount, but ever since the new president arrived the prices of any and everything have gone up. They forced juniors and Seniors to live at the Rixey even though students were saying how they could not afford it. The food is terrible as it always has been and campus safety is a joke. Shuttles are not reliable.
Im a commuter. Great school, love the classes, awesome professors. Area is a bit sketchy. Prices are outrageous. Good luck getting in touch with anyone here because the communication is terrible. Only reason Im still here is for the health science program. Most people transfer.
Marymount is a private catholic school so they give out lots of aid, but they also have a lot of trust fund babies. So some kids really care and some don't. It's a small school only a short way from DC so you have access to the whole DC metro area. Because the school is small, classes are also small, so even lecture hall classes are limited
