Good school most of the professors are very helpful and the town is nice small town.
GO TROJANS!!!!!!
Great student body. Terrible faculty and staff.
Troy University isn't exactly Ivy League... it's more Kudzu League. The professors are, for the most part, helpful and attentive. The campus constantly has social activities for the Students and Community. There has been a ton of construction, but the end results will be nice. The only pitfall is that the library is severely lacking.
The professors are genuinely concerned with students learning the material. The students are friendly and the class sizes are small enough for one on one interaction with professors.
Beware! Most of the instructors have forgotten that they were hired by the students. They have a lot of burn outs working there. They don't hire good looking instructors. They need new "fresh" teachers. If you go to a small University, you take the same teachers over and over, and they only offer "some" of the classes you need.
The Sound of the South is AMAZING
Weak academic, awful student service. If you want to spend two years hanging around, you can come to Troy. Bur remember, YOU HAVE TO LEAVE THIS SCHOOL AS SOON AS POSSIBLE!
Troy is a great place to go to college. With the exception of thugs who come here just to steal, it's a great campus. Everything is clean. Troy isn't as large as Alabama or Auburn, but it's not too small either. The only real downside is if you're used to the big games at Bryant-Denny or Jordan-Hare, you'll be in for a surprise at Troy. GO TROJANS!
This is a great school..
They force commuters to buy a meal plan, if you don't use the money on your ID card that you are forced to pay for, they take it back at the end of the semester. They are enforcing a no smoking anywhere on campus rule in the next year.
There is a lottery on campus at the end of each year(started in SP/11). If your name isnt drawn or you're too far down on the waiting list you won't have a place to stay on campus which is cheaper than off. Staff is a bit mixed between friendly and rude. Acedemically its a fair school but the way it's run, to me, is shoddy.
I Love this school. Although it is in the middle of no where if you put yourself out there you can make great friends and find things to do.
Troy is an awesome school. The online courses are great. Anyone looking for a great university should consider Troy.
There is Bama and Auburn...then everybody else. Troy is part of everybody else. Pretty school but looks are deceiving.
Wonderful and B-E-A-utiful campus! The new dining hall is gorgeous but the service can sometimes slack. Go when it's busy, that's when they tend to have fresher food. There are hills everywhere so get ready for a workout. Some of the dorms are less than desirable. The teachers are excellent! Clubs and social events are amazing! Highly recommend TU!
internet in the dorms is very slow
It's a good school. It's not too big but not too small. Most of the teachers care about how you do in their classes.
Great school. small enough to learn but big enough to really have fun. Nice beautiful campus and overall good teachers.
The new dining facility is rarely ever open and the quality of food is terrible. One day I went in at 6:30 pm to eat... they were closing, AT 6:30 PM! Also, very rarely does anyone let anybody know until last minute when something happens. There's too much to say in 350 characters...
The school is great, but does have its flaws. You have teachers who very good and others that are ill-prepared or never come to class on time. The food is terrible in the dining hall. Why a new building without good food? Service in dining hall and Trojan Center is horrible. Experience is o.k. so far, could be better though.
Troy is a wonderful school to attend. We are one big family and welcome anyone to join us. It has a southern feeling and is small enough to know your teachers on a 1 on 1 basis. I planned on transferring after two years but now I am finishing my bachelors here. I love it and so will you! GO TROJANS!!
This is a great school. It's big enough to get the feel for a real university but small enough so it's not too crowded, and you can feel like you're in a smaller school. I love the fact that there are many internationals around campus. It adds a sense of culture and allows you to learn about other people and how they think.
Research your Professors early to make sure you want that teacher. i had 3 bad teachers my first semester forcing me to drop one class, and retake another this semester. Other than that, get involved in Greek Life, it will help you so much down the line with job oppurtunity and friends. I love Troy even though im a Yankee from Missouri! GO TROJANS
This is such a great school! The organizations on campus are so involved, and there's always something to do! The campus is really pretty, and safe! Troy is a small town, so there isn't much in the way of things to do off campus, but it's only a short drive to Montgomery or Dothan where there's a lot to do! Overall, I love this school!
Love Troy
The campus is gradually becoming bigger and better but the nightlife SUCKS.
Troy is a growing school and it's going through it's growing pains. The campus is beautiful at all times, the grounds crew works hard everyday to keep it that way. The buildings are pretty and, mostly, up to date. The dorms leave something to be desired at times and the internet in some buildings isn't great, but I would pick Troy over any other
It's a very diverse school.
Great location. Get involved or you will be bored
I'm so happy I decided to go to Troy and even more happy that I rushed.  The campus is beautiful and the friends you make are irreplaceable.
Absolutely love this school! Other than kind of being in the middle of nowhere, it's amazing! GO TROJANS!!!
It is a small school with a big school atmosphere.
A great school to attend and great professors. I think its two times better than Auburn University.
Very great school, but it is a suitcase school meaning you will want to pack up and leave every weekend.
Beautiful Campus, Great teachers
Troy is seriously on of the greatest schools you could consider. Campus life is strong, the grounds are beautiful. The city is small, but has everything you need.
thanks
Wonderful!
This place is full or family for life
Okay
I LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!!!!!!!! OOOOOMMMGGGG!!!!!!!
I love Troy, Its the best decision I ever made!
They should offer more classes that are 1 hour and a half or two hours.  NOT THIS SILLY 50 minute classes 3-4 days a week crap!  This is not giving your students what they need!  Some of us live outside of TROY and have to make a living, too!
The school is in the middle of nowhere. Most of the fun is going to be on campus or in Montgomery or Dothan, which are both an hour away. However, if you're a music industry major, this is the place to be. Very diverse courses, with marketing, audio engineering, film scoring, etc.
Troy is a great campus, no doubt. And the teachers are actually pretty helpful. The only thing I have against Troy is that it is in the middle of no where. I'm from Birmingham so the transition was hard for me. All you have is a Walmart, a bunch of fast food restaurants, and a run-down movie theater.
Wouldn''t trade my years there for anything. Best years of my life
I love troy. Small enough to know people in classes, but also a chance to meet a ton of new people.
I love Troy!
Wifi is terrible, but everything else is ok. You have to make your own fun as well but it's not boring.
I love going to school at Troy. Unlike other large schools, you can build closer relationships with teachers. Greek life is way more intimate. Housing is extremely nice. The food is great. You don't have to walk very far to your classes and you don't have to park 3 miles from your dorm or house.
The town is small but the school is great.
Troy's pretty good.
troy is a good school to attend and lots of nice people to meet.
....
Troy is a great campus and coming from out of state, I was surprised by the friendliness of everyone here. I've made a ton of new friends and the teachers are very helpful for the most part.
Yea Troy
its good
Terrific school, love every minute!
Great School! I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else.
I am currently a Freshman at Troy and I am in love with the campus. I love the organizations and classes I am part of and the friends I have made in my first semester are lifelong friends. This campus is gorgeous and I wish everyone who wanted to could come here, because the family atmosphere is magic. Everyone is very supportive, also!
There is really nothing to do in Troy, except something the campus offers or going to 1 of our 3 bars. For fun, most people just go home. The classes are good, and the teachers and staff are quite helpful.  Troy and surrounding cities aren't that nice - I had someone get shot two houses down from me on Normal Ave two minutes from campus.
Troy is perfect for someone looking for a mid sized school. Troy is a small town, which is perfect for some. It is beautiful and the people are really nice. Perfect small town southern school with a hint of diversity from our distinguished international program.
