Come Here If you are don't like a lot of people in the same place, it is just the right size with just the right amount of people.
Go Trojans!
Great place
I love Troy! It's a great school. You make tons of life long relationships and your professors truly care about you!
Great professors and lot of scholarships.
Great Professors!
Not a lot of opportunities in the city for students to build up a resume or just make extra cash. The professors over all are pretty great and the  class sizes are not too big and not too small. Campus is the perfect size, but there isn't much to do in Troy and most people leave on the weekends. Education wise it's a pretty decent school!
Do not attend Troy University's online format for any grad programs. It is absolutely awful. If you are not used to the "Southern Way" of learning, attending this University is not for you. Example: One professor gave poor scores in a subject hat I am a professional in, but could not provide me any basis or rubric for the scores. Pitiful.
Very easy course works.
I love my school!
Troy is fun if you make it fun and get involved. Greek life is pretty good. Internet is not the best neither is the library hours. There isn't much in Troy to do but it's close to the beach and there is a lot of cool people at the school, really diverse as well.
Nothing to do in good 'ol Troy, AL. The staff is pretty unhelpful and most of the time don't seem to know what they're doing (in the office and at facilities). Get copies of EVERYTHING because they lose paperwork like crazy. Also, get ready to pay ridiculous fees for seemingly no reason. Faculty is alright; they at least seem to like their jobs...
I love Troy.
I have loved my experience at Troy University so far
Not too bad. It's a quaint little school, in a quaint little town, with quaint small minded people. The administration is a night mare. Keep copies and make notes of phone calls. They like to pass the buck, make excuses, and point fingers. The campus is gorgeous. It's like a Norman Rockwell. Academics are readily easy.  Profs are average at best.
Pretty boring town. Gets old pretty fast. Campus is nice and is always being improved somehow. Pretty average college setting. Not too big, not too small. You get to know people pretty fast, especially if you're in social organizations (band, greek, sports, clubs, etc.)
Great University for school and class purposes, not much going on outside of class and on weekends.
Beautiful campus, weather is crazy (everything from freezing winters to 100+ degree summers) be prepared to wear jeans one day and shorts the next. Professors are great in general, although you have a few bad apples.  The admin. offices are a joke, the financial aid office is the worst and expect to be treated badly by the staff in that office.
when it comes to Troy University I find myself more interested in learning than the teachers are in teaching. And other schools this is not been the case and I have been inspired but it truly it seems like everyone is there forgetting that the students pay them to teach and not the other way around, they  admissions is pretty good about helping out
Amazing school
I love Troy except for the food
Troy was a great experience for me. I was in the math department and I have never felt more cared for. It is true that Troy is in a small town with nothing to do, but it will be what you make it. If you want to have fun, then have it! I have met all my best friends at Troy and I couldn't imagine going anywhere else. Go Troy!
It doesn't help that the social experience is limited because of the school located in a small town.  It's hard to get students involved when there isn't much to do. It also seems like the school is more concerned with money than the students. It's not a bad school, just could be better. Especially with scholarships.
The only negative thing I have to say is there could be more parking areas.
I love TroyU. Its an amazing place to go to school. Its very beautiful and is very well kept.
I love my university except for the food
Perfect "home"ly feeling. Not the huge University feeling but is perfect for me.
Good school
Troy is great. It feels like my hometown which really helped me when I moved here. The teachers care about getting you ready for the future, and many will help bump up your resume very nicely. The clubs are awesome, too. There are so many choices, and just about anything you can think of has been created and is involved on campus.
Troy University is a great school all around.  Many of the teachers care dearly about the students and always want them to do well. They are not lazy!
My first semester here just ended. I admit that in the begging I wasn't too overjoyed with where I was - Yes, the area surrounding the campus isn't that awesome. I think what has made my first semester so great is the friends I've made and how much fun we have together. At any college it will most likely come down to what you make of it anyway.
I am a small town girl that was born in a Big city, and Troy University felt like home the second I stepped on it's campus my senior year of High School. I met some true live long friends, and the professors really genuinely care about there students. (The English Department and Art Department are the best)
Stay away.
I love Troy. It is big enough but not too big so you know the majority of your classmates. You can walk anywhere on campus and get there in 10 minutes or less. The internet isn't phenomenal but I've had much worse. There are so many clubs and organizations so it's almost impossible to not to be involved on campus.
GO TROY!!
Troy is amazing and I really love all the clubs that Troy has to offer students.
Great things about this school, but definitely areas they could improve to make the university stand out. Parking is always quite bad and the internet is too.
Troy University is a great school!
Its a nice school, bad location
Pretty good place. It helps a lot if you already come with friends.
Perfect size, not too big nor small which makes the class sizes great. There are so many clubs and opportunities so I am out and about most of my day! The campus is beautiful and convenient; nothing is more than a 10 minute walk. There is no where I'd rather be!
Troy's social life and activities aren't the greatest if you aren't involved in anything Greek, but it's tolerable. The food is usually pretty good. The location isn't all that great because Troy, AL has mostly restaurants. However, the professors that I've had have been wonderful.
Amazing school for all races and cultures
All of the Professors I have had so far have been great; they enjoy their subject and are very interactive and interested in developing relationships as they teach and help you succeed!
I am soon to finish my first year at Troy University. It hasn't been the best, but I have truly enjoyed this school. I'm excited to be coming back next Fall. I have found friendship with unlikely people and appreciate the education I am getting at this school. It's a place where you have to make the best with what you get, and it's worth it.
Troy is a boring town. The campus is pretty and has a lot of opportunities to become involved. Greek life rules campus. Classes are great. Food choices are limited and low quality.
Beautiful campus, incredible teachers, great atmosphere. I'm proud to be a Trojan!
I love this school I just wished there was more to do around here!!
It was charming to begin with, then it has slowly started to dwindle down.
It's great for the price. Gives good scholarships both for band, and academics. Definitely give it a chance over the other Alabama schools.
I don't particularly like the location but there are wonderful teachers here that actually care about the success of their students . Not too big of a classroom , nice size which gives you a more one on one feel like with the professor . Very small campus & if not involved it does get extremely boring . Thankful I am done in may because I hate it .
The up and coming university in ALabama
I've been to Auburn and Southern Union State Community College. I love the perfect size of Troy and how it's not too big or too small. After recent shootings and assaults on/around campus I have to say that walking around at night is a terrible idea. I love Troy and wouldn't go anywhere else but when the sun goes down. It's time to call it a night
Even though recent events that has happened (which didn't even involve Troy students),  Troy is a great school in my opinion. The staff here is friendly, the food here does has its days, and there are many social opportunities. Football is big here and the classes are very reasonable. Walking at night is a lot safer since there is  security cars.
Love this community. People here are genuine and caring. Great campus and social life. Go Trojans!
School is great, town is decent but it's being improved. Hopefully we will get better nightlife and bars here.
Definitely a school to consider when applying for colleges. Has one of the lowest tuition rates for a 4 year university in Alabama. Being that's it's located in a somewhat small town, there's not a huge social scene outside of campus. The dining hall is either a hit or a miss depending on what they serve. Overall, it's a great choice for education.
This is a pretty good school to attend! The school spirit is soooo amazing and everyone is eager to be involved!
Good school defiantly recommend. Get involved or you will be bored.
Great School Overall
Troy truly is a great college to attend.  Super affordable for the most part. The actual city of Troy is pretty boring, but there's always things going on around campus for you to do.
I can't say at all that Troy cares about its students. It's not at all a terrible experience, don't get me wrong. I've had some fantastic teachers - they aren't the problem. The main faculty would rather build statues than a parking lot, which we need, since the parking here is miserable. Food is okay, but I moved off campus to avoid it.
I love my school and I'm proud to be a Troy Trojan. Gooooo Troy!!!!
The school is great; however, most of the professors (that are doctors) do not won't to help you and if you email them, most will ignore or tell you to just "study" which really doesn't help with tests and exams if you're not getting the material from the beginning!
Troy is a good school, even more so if you come because of the great scholarship opportunities. Living off campus is better than living on campus though. Also, the town is lacking in things to do but it is improving. Also, class building need updates but they are very slow on that. Also some departments are better than other. Easy to make friends.
This is a great campus in size and has many opportunities to network and engage socially with new people. Definitely happy that I made the decision to come to Troy.
Pretty good school.
Troy is a great school with a lot of opportunities. There are some things that Troy could work on improving, but you will enjoy it here regardless!!!!!
TROY is very well know. TROY is mainly know for their music, nursing, and computer majors. The campus is well kept and very beautiful overall. many resources for work and lots of study areas and relaxation places. Overall the city of Troy is an average size for a city. everyone knows everyone. little to no crime at all. lots of kind people.
Beautiful
Troy has a beautiful campus! Every campus has a bad professor or two, but for the most part I have been truly blessed with caring professors who genuinely care about my education. I'm proud to be a Trojan!
This school is great and you will get a good education for a relatively low tuition. However, the other expenses and housing are very expensive. There are better options than living on campus. If you are going to live on campus I recommend Trojan Village if you want privacy or Newman if you don't mind sharing.
I'm transferring away from Troy University and this is why: Everyone is Greek, social life doesn't exist without it. The academics are subpar, particularly if you want to work for a big company in a big city one day. Business major. Suitcase college. EVERYONE goes home almost every weekend and 80% of the student body are commuters and from Alabama.
Greatest university you could ask for. Great mid-size campus. Great small town feel.
Troy is a great school! I love being a Trojan. if you want to be connected on campus I definitely advise going into a greek organization. The people on campus are awesome, and the professors care about you. Troy has that feeling of home. Sports are great here, and I wouldn't want to be at any other school.
Troy is awesome and the professors actually want to learn your name and help you succeed ! At Troy, you are more than just a number and a statistic.
Beautiful campus! The food is good. Not a whole lot of options, but what you do have is good quality. There are a variety of ways to get involved if you put yourself out there. The classes are quality and the professors seem to care about your success.
Best school in the state of Alabama!
I love Troy. There are a lot of opportunities for academic and personal growth here. My one complaint is that the administration doesn't seem to really be that concerned about bettering certain things for students, such as parking, healthy dining options, and dorm availability.
I love Troy University!! As an international student , it s been my second home!
Troy has easily become my home away from home. Though most people see it as a small school, I see it as an opportunity to be a part of growth. Go Trojans!
It's not bad if you have scholarship
Go Trojans. It'll always be home!
Go Troy!
The truth is this is one of the worst public colleges you can attend. Each department has only one, atmost 2 professors that teach upper level courses. There are some who have tenure who don't care whether students learn. Parking is also bad and administration is indifferent. Yes, it's affordable, but you might not receive a quality education here.
Just another school.
