Troy is an awesome place to study. It is far from the city and the people living here are mostly students. Extremely quiet and fit for students. Friendly people. Picturesque university. Generous scholarships.
The one thing I love about Troy is the people. Ive met so many people from all over the world. Your always making connections and those connections can help you in the future.
It's the people that make it. I've met the best people in my time at Troy, and made friends I know will last a lifetime. Troy provides incredible opportunities through their scholarships, study abroad programs, and the huge international community on campus. I am so thankful for Troy and the people here.
An amazing campus that is in the heart of a small town. Not much to do in town unless you are involved heavily in clubs or greek organizations. Great facilities for business, education, and athletic training departments.
The school is overall okay. But honestly the WiFi sucks and certain housing situations are awful.
Pretty good experience. the SOUND OF THE SOUTH is AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I didnt think I would like Troy and ended up loving it. It is growing and and constantly improving. Teachers for the most part are great and go out of their way to help you. Beautiful campus!!! only downside is there is not a whole lot to do but enough where you can make things fun.
I have loved spending the past four years at Troy University. I have met so many great people including students and faculty. Troy really felt like my second home. I like the fact that Troy U is in a small town because I always knew people wherever I went. Every person here is unique and because of Troy, we as students feel like a family.
I have enjoyed my time here so much. Such a versatile place... definitely a niche for everyone.
Troy is very great school to attend theres enough time to balance school with your social life. Not really a lot going on in the city unless its college related, but the food options are really good!
Really great school with amazing professors and staff. Everyone looks out for each other and the teachers do everything they can to help you if you participate and come to class. Beautiful campus and well taken care of.
I've only been here for a semester so I might update every now and then. This college does what it's supposed to do all around. I haven't had any major problems since coming here and I have made plenty of friends (even with some professors). There is plenty to do and the only improvement to see is location and internet connection.
fine
Beautiful campus and a nice atmosphere. Everyone is really nice. Parking is terrible though. The campus is nice and makes you feel right at home. Overall, I like it here.
Boring school, teachers dont care
I love Troy! Lot's of good opportunities to plug into this small town community and really make your time here count.
Im an exchange student. Troy has fresh air and water. But here doesnt have Chinese supermarket.
You love it or you hate it!
Love this school
Everything about this school is great. The teachers aren't terrible, the greek life is great, and the sports teams do well. What's there not to love about Troy University?
Troy isnt the best social wise, but the academics are well respected!
beautiful campus. lots of clubs and greek things to get involved with. caring professors.
Troy is very unique and has a small campus atmosphere. It has grown a lot over the last few years and is very focused on students succeeding.
its alright
Troy is a good school. The teachers care about your success. It has a pretty campus. Theres just not much to do in town and other universities wouldve given me a better education. Its growing though, so it gives more opportunities for students to make a difference and make the university better.
Great school, resources are everywhere. The city does not have much to do unless you enjoy sitting in the sonic parking lot in your truck.
It is a beautiful campus, very inviting and safe.
if youre not in greek life thers really nothing to do
Its a great school. It is my home away from home with many opportunities
borrinnggg
Really Boring university... Not that fun
A beautiful, growing campus. If you aren't part of a greek organization, there are still many other clubs and organizations on campus to get you involved. However, greek life here is also so much fun! I have loved my time at Troy and will it will be bittersweet to graduate and leave in May.
I get chills when remember the turmoil I went through. You can survive, but it may not be easy. Especially if you're an introvert. Beware the CS program. PLEASE LOOK UP the professors in your major before you think about going here as they can make or break your experience. Also, consider Troy online classes.
the university is surrounded by a super, incredible small town so basically all the cool kids are college students. if you aren't gonna join a sorority or fraternity I would join any club. it easy to make yourself known in troy good or bad.
Its an okay university. Just find where you fit in and try to have a good time. Foods not too bad but saga (the cafeteria) can be really nasty sometimes. Also my friend's truck got stolen from on-campus and both university and local law enforcement were completely useless. They never found it and the university had no cameras or anything in the lot
If youre expecting quality then keep looking. If you are introverted then this isnt the school for you. You must make friends in some way to not lose your mind to boredom. The town has nothing to do either. Wouldnt recommend the cafeteria(saga) but its either that or fast food. Id recommend buying your own groceries and cooking. DontTrustProfs
Needs better food.
