The entire TWU system is an absolute joke. Working with the office personnel is HELL. They are just RUDE. They take forever to get back to you. Most of the professor are actually good except for the science classes. The lab instructor suck because of the heavy accents.
I transferred to TWU for my last two years of my BGS in the Fall 2009. Overall the staff and faculty are wonderful! Most of my classes have been more than I expected. Their online Library access is EXTREMELY useful! Obviously I can't truly rate some aspects about campus, I have heard great reviews. I am proud to call myself a Pioneer!
It is a down to earth school. But you learn a lot at the school.
good school, stay way from the nutrition department. It's like a whole different experience from the rest of the school, you will hate the campus and profs, as all my nutrition classmates do.
Dealing with the office personal was difficult, most of them were unhelpful and disrespectful to freshman. Also the system was a pain, kicking students out of classes, and loading time was crap. Also the peers are horrible and there have been harassment issues. But majority of the teachers are decent and education quality isn't to bad and average.
I did not meet anyone at all who was happy with their science instructors.  I filed a complaint with the Dean of the College of Sciences, and was treated horribly.  I would not attend here again.
This is a last choice school and if you are into the arts or want more out of campus life, transfer to U.N.T. like the rest of us. I am really hoping it is way better than TWU was. Terrible decision to attend here.
TWU is a great school. However, it's best to not live on campus. The dorms have strict rules and some RA's can be rude. The parking here is horrible, you are lucky and blessed to find a parking near a building. Other than those two aspects, TWU is a great school. Most teachers are great and classes  are a good size.
I would NEVER go there.  And, I would not send my children there.  HORRIBLE issues with bursar's office, fees, miscommunication, lack of communication ended up costing me HUNDRED$ extra.  They were defensive not collaborative in solving problems.  STAY AWAY.
I hate this school they treat the upperclassmen horrible not to mention its an all girls school. the food is overpriced and taste disgusting i have the worse school experience coming here there a lot more teachers that care more about their jobs than the students and gives you no respect! I wouldn't even recommend this school to my worse enemy! Im 
Excellent!
I hated this school so much for so many reasons, there were a few good teachers but for the most part they are teachers that wouldn't get hired anywhere else. The people really aren't very friendly and it is hard to get involved and make friends. Also the food is awful to an extreme. Thankful to be transferring.
love it
I transfered to this school from a smaller University to finish out my education degree. I have had maybe two professors that were professional and helpful. The education/reading department is awful. They do nothing to encourage or help you in your pursuit of an education degree. If I wasn't so close to graduation I would leave.
The library folks are the most helpful people on campus. If you're trying to get financial aid though, schedule an appointment and don't bother going through Brandy (front desk of financial aid). She's stupid with a capital EVIL. Grounds people are really nice too, but I wish they would find sometime OTHER than 7 am to mow. Don't eat on campus.
The fashion and textiles department is excellent, but felt that there was a lot of disorganization amongst the departments that dealt with housing, organizing events, and dining.
I transfered from UT-Arlington and I wish I would have chosen this school for my first years of college. I am a community health studies major and my advisors are very helpful! I love TWU!
Great School! love our some courses are offered online! Teachers are awesome. Denton is such an adorable town! A great escape from the LARGE hectic world of DFW! believe me! there are worse school in DFW!
TWU is not a social campus, in fact is it quite dull, the campus food is sub-par, the parking is horrible, and it is difficult to meet friends. I do not recommend that anyone attend TWU unless they plan to enroll into a graduate program. The undergrad programs at TWU need a lot of work. The best part about TWU is the campus library.
I love this school. It's a pretty quiet campus for the most part, and I really like its smaller campus compared to other universities. The library here is gorgeous. A lot of the professors are very helpful. The science courses can be tough, but if you stay on top of everything, you'll be fine!
Biology advisors are not helpful at all!! Instead of encouraging you; they do the opposite. Financial aid staff are rude. Science professors are terrible.
Biology advisors are not helpful at all!! Instead of encouraging you; they do the opposite. Financial aid staff are rude. Science professors are terrible.
Love this school. Much better & cheaper than any campus I have attended/visited. It is small & quiet w/ beautiful landscape. The only problem is the housing situation. It is a small school and many people are starting to attend it puts upperclassmen out which isn't a bad thing since we all got to grow up. I would recommend this college to everyone.
TWU-HOUSTON (grad school): No student parking, 3-4 study rooms-no vacancy; small, overcrowded computer lab, no library, no student services (ie resources such as writing labs, peer review, etc). Complaints of staff very accurate. Advisors/ Faulty overall are NOT helpful. Grad school is for adults but you're treated as a child; would NOT recommend!
I loved TWU.  Going here was the best decision ever and I wouldn't trade it for the world.  The education I received was amazing and I met some of my best friends from TWU.  TWU has definitely prepared me for grad school.
After 1 semester at TWU,I'm very sorry of my decision to attend this university.It may be okay for some majors, but definitely not a good school for music majors.The workload for music education majors is unbelievable.Much of it is just frivolous busy work & silly requirements.Many classes are only offered every 2 years.I will be transferring ASAP!
It's what you make it!! :)
If you want to go to this school for nursing keep in mind that it is very competitive and if you do not have close to a 3.7 you're chances of getting into the program are very slim. Also, the labs here are either hit or miss. This school is not too big on graduate research when compared to UTA or other places so you get a lot of TA's who don't care
Love it here!
Transferring ASAP !!!!! Classes what classes you can barely get the ones you want.
It has a small campus feel with quality education. I am really glad that I chose to attend here instead of one of the larger universities in the area.
Beautiful grounds.
One of the reasons I love TWU is their easy to navigate campus and friendly upper class-men.
Very good school
Great school! Only thing, being that it is a smaller university you have to plan your work schedule around school. Very few options to select for some courses and their times.
Utilize counseling early for issues like depression or test anxiety!  Campus is beautiful. If you have trouble, ask professor what you can do to overcome & improve study time. Arrive early peak hours for parking.  Shoot for an A, consistently work hard, learn test taking techniques. You will be glad when applying for employment!!
The tuition is cheap for a reason. The food in the cafeteria is really bad in comparison to even a public high school. The library isn't 24 hours and the school could really use a real starbucks on campus. It's really good for nursing and pushes you in a good way. The campus is small and good for the small amount of people that attend.
I had a great experience at TWU.
Its a great school to get involved in and get ahead they really care about you here
The staff & professors really care for their students. This university does not get the respect it deserves. Best University for SERIOUS students who want to excel in academics and women's athletics.
I would recommend that the school pay for good quality advisors.
There are so many students its over crowded. appliances in apartments are out dated looks like from the 80's. Although campus is small and beautiful.
This school is very small. It is definitely not a party school. A type of school where there is little distractions and you'll be able to get good grades.
I love the location and campus, very beautiful and peaceful. The people are meh. Overall I like it..
Sometimes when I tell people I go to TWU I get negative responses, but I love it! It's small enough, but big enough at the same time.
Beautiful campus! Love the hippie vibe of the Denton campus. Easy walk to and from each class/building.Classes are small and the professors are very friendly and helpful. Non-smoking campus-thank God. Good food and food options in cafeteria. Vending machines in every building. On campus starbucks and chick-fil-a :)
na
I am male at this school and I have to say it is not as weird as I expected. Yes lots of what is said is aimed at women and not at men, but for the most part there really isn't that much that is different. Great school
I love TWU! The campus has just about everything you need to make it through the week. The only downside is the parking!
Affordable
Great school and campus!
Wonderful campus with great professors.
If you come here, be serious about what you want to do. this is not a social party school.
fun and friendly
Individualized educational opportunities.
I have friends getting a better and more rigorous education at community colleges. The food is terrible and unhealthy, and you are forced to live on campus with the meal plan for 2 years. This school is only interested in your money, not your quality of life of education.
This is a nice university to attend. Most of the students are nice and it is easy to make friends here. But... if your looking to have fun, I wouldn't recommend this school. There are ZERO parties here unless you are in a Sorority (which cost a billion dollars t join)I would recommend UNT, which has quality education and fun.
It's really nice here. People are welcoming and teachers really care about you!
beautiful campus! people here are very friendly and my advisor has been more than helpful(:
good
This place is so stupid. They bring you in with promises of hotel quality dorms then shove you in that tiny little room with 3 other people for 2 years until maybe, just maybe, you can live off-campus or move into their terrible on campus apartments. So help you god if something breaks, because it will never get fixed. EVER.
Great campus, not too big to get around. Always clean and well kept.  Parking is a difficult issue sometimes.  Small classes are a huge plus.
Great school!
I love it!
It's very friendly
Excellent Library science program
Good
Best university. I love it here. I wouldn't want to go to any other school for my undergrad and grad degree!
if you like small campuses you should to TWU
Very reputable program for nursing. Poor campus grounds. Not handicap friendly. Poor office management.
don't come to this school, simple as that.
Great school!! Nice students and staff.
Lots of food place. The square is amazing. lots of great food places. TWU attempt to have some fun,but usually come out short. Most kids go to the clubbing in Dallas, or bars towards UNT, or home. The campus is a desert on the weekends. Everybody go home  or go find some fun.  There are little  guys, so don't come here if your looking for a bf.
absolutely LOVE my school. its not for everyone. im one to not really want to socialize but i like how small it is to the point where you still are able to see familiar faces all the time. DIdnt have the best experience living on campus. Constantly went home because it was so boring, but on the plus side, you have PLENTY of time to get work done.
Its great i like it allot
all good
pretty cool campus just denton is not the party area have to go ut and find the parties...
pretty cool school and area.
Many chances to interact with people  from different diversities.
It is Amazing!
This university is well respected. The professors are honestly very well selected. The  campus is beautiful and very small.
The only things I do not like:  WiFi connection can be spotty and in high demand areas the network is slow or you get booted off. The food is ugh. Really even with the addition of Which Witch the cafeteria stinks, the union lacks selection its all high cal or high starch. Java City seems decent enough. The clubs are decent, but not varied.
I LOVE TWU!  The classes are small and the professors are awesome.  This is a commuter school so my professors have all been really understanding that sometimes life happens.  I like that they know me and I am not just another number on their payroll.  It's a really beautiful campus too.  I cannot say enough good things about T dub.
TWU is the BEST university that I've ever attended. The campus is beautiful and just the right size. There's so many wonderful opportunities, and I have thoroughly enjoyed being a TWU student these past two years. As a Psychology student, the Psychology department is AMAZING. I love it! And the administrative offices here are always helpful.
This school has a great reputation for nursing. Denton is not the nicest area and there is not much to do at school for the social part, if you're into partying and lots of social life then this campus is NOT for you. I would say if you're looking for the traditional university experience then save your money and go somewhere else!
I really like TWU and, although I commute, it's definitely my home away from home. The campus, like the city, is very cute and small . There's never enough parking tho -__-
The business school is terrible. Opportunities rare. Courses hardly offered. If they are, they're changed so quickly that you might as well not make a degree plan bc they'll never stick to it. They "forget" to tell you about their accreditation and how your courses won't transfer to another school, even for grad school. Research before you choose!
Nice and quiet, perfect sized campus for me, pretty buildings for the most part
Being in Denton is what you make of it. As long as you network & get connected with the right friends you'll be fine. Very few local, decent  locations to hangout. A few good places to eat. Denton is weird... Very weird, but I wouldn't trade the experience for anything. I'll sure miss this place :,(
I wish TWU offered more online courses as well as 8 week courses.
