I am so happy here, that I am applying here for my masters.
The  Fashion Department is joke. The whole campus needs a makeover.
Love T-Dub Go Pioneers!
Loved it so much, I got one degree and went back for another.  Great school.   Filled with professors who actually care about your success as a student.   Was refreshing.   LOVED this school!
I love TWU. It's a small campus, especially compared to UNT, but it is really pretty.
Most of the People here are standoffish. If you like to party... definitely NOT the place for you.  Everyone thinks they're better than everyone else. There are a lot of good food places around here though. And there are a lot of places in walking distance.
The campus is not the prettiest to look at but it's not bad. Commuter parking is horrible. If you have a class between 10am and noon show up at least 30 minutes early and be assertive about people walking to their cars to leave.
This is an amazing university. There are so many directions you can go academically and professionally. You'll have the time of your life.
TWU offers many organizations, you just have to take the time to go to a few informationals to better understand them! Library is gorgeous, I practically live here! For a small campus, the food options aren't terrible and typically everything is well cooked. The wifi tends to disconnect at certain locations. Get involved to get the best experience!
TWU is a great school. They helped me with my financial aid when no one else would (non-traditional student). The teachers were good (for the most part). Even though it's far from town the grounds are pretty. The food is cafeteria food but they're working on it. It is wonderful and comfortable to be with just women!
There just isn't much happening at TWU.
TWU is awesome. It is a beautiful campus. The professors and staff all really care about their students.
I've made 1 friend in my first semester here, i started talking to a couple at the end of the semester, theres seems like a lot of women here but not too friendly. Im a pretty outgoing person, but girls are drama. I like the schedule that this school provides, it doesn't make me have to come here everyday.
Great EMBA program!
I have had issues with financial aid, advising, and registration. Other than that it has been good, the faculty are nice, there are plenty of chances to get involved including greek life.
Your average run of the mill school. It is what you make of it. Be prepared for many departments to not have any clue what other departments are doing.  Not a big social life at the school, but Denton it self brings plenty of that.
TWU is a beautiful campus, small but cute. Many things need updating and there isn't a lot going on but Denton is a place filled with things to do! You will not be bored! Go to the Square and Fry street!! Not to mention being down the street from UNT! Professors are Great, mostly! We have a new student union coming soon!!!
I love this school and I plan on becoming a Professor their once i graduate.
Great school, great teachers, great programs. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
If you like arts but are not an art major, then you should go some where else. Cafeteria hours are super weird, its closed more often than its open. I have repeatedly had tummy problems after eating the food, don't eat the eggs!! WIFI in dorms is nonexistent buy a router (even though its against the rules. )
Love the campus! Gorgeous. Love the people. Major problem you're going to run into is parking, especially if you're a commuter like I am. Depending on your class times, you'll more than likely have to arrive earlier just to find a decent spot. That's my only real issue. Absolutely love everything else! So happy I picked this college.
cute, charming, small school. lowry woods area is SO pretty, the rec center is cool, and the library is BEAUTIFUL. a lot of people (and me) commute and transfer (also me) here so social life is kind of meh unless you live on campus ($$$) or if youre one of those special people that makes friends easily.
I love this campus and the professors I've worked with!
Simple, small campus that is laidback and really enjoyable. Not too crowded, not too empty. People are friendly, and the meals aren't nearly as bad as people crack them up to be.
love this campus and the fact that its in denton a booming college town!!
Denton is a great college town that also emphasizes the importance of culture and art. I really like the community here and TWU is a good university. I wanted something small, personal, affordable, and friendly. I found all four of these things at this campus.
I'm an out of state student, but I can say this feels like my new home. I absolutely love it here! The campus is BEAUTIFUL. For me this size is nice, not too big or too small. They offer so much you simply have to go for it. I feel like it doesn't get as much credit as it it should.
This is the prettiest campus I've ever been on. Classes are small for the most part. Denton is great for all different types of people. Social functions at TWU are awkward like middle school dances. The omelet lady in the student union is the bomb. Not fun to live on campus. Gym is bomb. Overall, TWU teaches you to be a strong/independent person.
Love this campus. Got really involved my Sophomore year and am having a blast!
TWU is a beautiful campus with one of the best libraries I've been to. The gym is awesome as well but can get crowded at certain times when people go there to socialize more than workout. Downside is most of the girls on campus are socially awkward and it's hard to make friends. UNT would be better for social life but can't beat the academics here.
Beautiful campus. The professors are almost always available when needed. Great resources for most subjects. Opportunities are out there, really good ones if you look a bit harder or are in good standing with faculty. Not much social life happening, but there's UNT 10 minutes away for that. Great atmosphere, super welcoming towards freshman.
Every professor is highly interactive and caring. The high percentage of commuters and transfer students creates a VERY studious atmosphere. Housing and Res life are working very hard to improve the social aspect on campus. There are opportunities to be social, but even on-campus students tend to leave town on the weekends
IT's NOT  FULL COLLEGE EXPERIENCE!
Been on this campus since fall of 2011 and it has changed since then. There are more opportunities and clubs and food options. It's small but that's the best thing about it. One can focus on their work, teachers care about you and Denton over all is friendly! I hated it before and now I realized how much I took it for granted. I'm grad. in Dec:)
Great
This campus was perfect for me! As a freshman I was overwhelmed with opportunities and things to do on campus, and it's only getting better. Lots of people go home on the weekends but they're trying to turn that around and I am always so busy doing stuff. This place is awesome.
This school is okay. They could do more for their students on the social and club aspects. The food here isn't the best, sometimes it's under cooked or doesn't taste good at all. Everyone leaves on the weekends so everything is dead on campus. The best parts of this school is the library and the gym. The Professors are pretty great too.
Really nice campus! The walk to each of my classes isnt bad only issue is the elevators, theres always lines to get on them. The food is pretty good but has its off days. Good variety of cultures everywhere. Parking sucks. Finding a spot on mondag is impossible. I like that off campus stuff is close by to walk to. Its a ghost town on weekends tho
TWU is perfect for a commuter. It's small and the professors here really want to see you succeed. The Library is wonderful, and perfect for studying. Although the social life is eh, it offers a lot for it's size. The campus is beautiful, and people are nice. If you can, try to get involved in something. It will make your experience so much better!
LOVE the gardens and fountains.
Great school with great professors
While the food is almost horrific (other than the brand new Starbucks), the campus itself is pretty awesome. The library is my favorite place. Streaming videos and long periods of Internet use through wifi is rough-- be smart and use an Ethernet cable when in dorm room or library! Social  aspect is great among students-- awesome connections!
Everyone is very nice and that makes you feel welcome. There is also a lot of diversity, by this I mean that there are not only people from different races but there are also a lot of students who already have families and/or are incoming freshmen straight out of high school. The professors are very understanding of their student's life.
Amazing
Twu is a great school. There is alot of friendly people here and alot of clubs and organizations to choose from. It is beautiful campus and you see people having weddings  at the chapel on campus. It's a medium sized campus.  The food is okay but the best plan to get is University so you can eat at whatever time you want. The weekends Twu is dead.L
Great campus! Dining hall could have better options. The internet in the dorms is awful!
This school is awful. You will just be a student ID number I have yet to come across a teacher that actually cares, and I'm about to graduate. It's good for the money, but if you are looking to leave with a good experience I don't recommend it.
I love my campus! You get out what you put in -- if you aren't involved or making friends then you won't like it. People won't come to you. Great connections are made when you get involved. AMAZING nursing, kines, and educ programs!!! Campus is beautiful and small, everything is basic walking distance away. You either love it or hate it here.
Small city with a big town feel- I love TWU and the atmosphere Denton has, but construction is frustrating at times. Overall, my biggest complaint is the wifi and parking.
TWU is an amazing place to get an education. Sure there are issues, but every place will have some type of issues that people get upset about.  I'm in the education program and have had amazing professors who care about their students. I'm not personally in any clubs, but I see fliers all the time with things going on.  I have made great friends.
Great school
Actually, a great school, love the clubs and activities I am in. The classes are also good, the class sizes are average and most of my professors know me.
Go here!
Great school, met some of my closest friends ever here. I'm only a freshman and I already feel like I can call Denton my home.
I love TWU, even as a more mature student I bond well with all the freshman. Teachers have been incredible and some have even gone out of their way for me. Great for its price, all staff and faculty are super helpful. the only downfall about this campus is the food options, especially if you dont have dining dollars.
This is a great school in a cute little town!
Professors are cool. Food is gross, dining dollars will save you though. People are cliquish or just seem unfriendly in my opinion.
beautiful campus great community
People here are stuck up towards those they don't know from their previous high schools. & this one dude in the underground that has tattoos always has an attitude towards blacks when serving them food. Transferring very soon.
I wish I transferred somewhere else because this was not the school for me. I had to come here due to some circumstances and I tried to make the best out of it, but there was nothing to make of it. Club selection is limited, greek life is limited, food selection is limited, and the overall amount of enjoyable activities is close to non-existent.
The school is small so it is easy to feel like you are apart of a community.  As an undergrad you take a bunch of classes until you are eligible to apply for the program of your choice, once you get into the program, you are treated significantly better.   Students and some professors are nice to each other.  The counseling center always has a wait
cute, small campus. parking supposedly sucks, but i take the train and bus  so i would know, but we're getting a parking garage in the next few years! we're kind of like the redheaded stepchild of Denton and surrounding areas. everyone knows of UNT, but kind of forget about us :)
Great campus, small class size, actual professors, nothing like UNT. My only complaint is that there is less variation in class selection.
If you're looking for a true college experience, then TWU is not the right place for you. All we have are intramural sports (no football) and a blood drive truck. The food is horrible and barely ever good unless you like spending  dining dollars everyday, eventually they run out. Starting on Wednesdays, majority of students leave and it feels dead.
The campus is pretty but small. There is only a limited selection of food. All of which you get tired of eating everyday. Not everyone or even most people have heard of TWU. The internet in the dorms is the WORST.
TWU is what you make it. If you're someone who takes academics seriously, this is the school for you. We have a beautiful campus. We have free printing, washers and dryers, water and so much more. TWU is a mid-sized school and you never feel like a number here. It is so easy to get involved in TWU  and there are so many clubs and organizations.
Best Campus. lively faculty and staff.
TWU is for students who take their academics seriously. Most students come for nursing, PT,OT and graduate programs. We have a big commuter base, so the weekends are pretty empty but I love it. The campus feels like home in a way. TWU is one of the safest campuses I know.  Free printing is awesome here. People are so friendly here . I love it here.
This place is awesome
Being at TWU has given me the opportunity to be independent at college while still having that close to home feeling. Denton is a great place to live and offers students lots of cool opportunities. The campus is close knit and full of resources but sometimes dulls in comparison to UNT, which is 7 minutes away
NICE CAMPUS , VERY SMALL AND GREAT ENVIRONMENT  OVER all
This campus is alright. It's really hard to socialize around-it seems most freshman stick with who they know and don't really reach out to new people. The campus is pretty dead by the middle of the week so it gets quiet. not quite the college experience but its important to make what you got and get out there with other people
Twu isn't bad for the price! How ever if you are looking for a school with a lot of social events and guys go down the street to UNT!!
TWU i s awesome!  This campus is beautiful and not too big!  Everyone is friendly!  The school has been through several upgrades and remodeling!  I feel privileged to attend!
Is it like how many movies portray college? No but I'm still not sure whether that's a good or bad thing.
Cool
Everyone here for the most part is super friendly, which everyone tells you prior to your first year here but I didn't believe it until I saw it. Being a more introverted person I have a hard time making friends but I have managed to have conversations with people in the elevator or waiting in line for food.
A good small-ish school where all my professors know me by name, and will take time out of their schedule to help me with anything I need. Everyone here student-wise is super friendly and will help you out with anything you need.
Texas woman's university is a school for focused individuals that strive to earn their education. Although it is not as big and social, they try their best to help students feel welcomed and accepted. The professors care about the student and want them to succeed. There are many opportunities for personal and academic growth.
Loved TWU until I had to file a student appeal due to THEIR paperwork mistake. The people were extremely cold, almost callous during the entire process. My graduation date is being set back. TWU staff was not only extremely unhelpful but offered no sympathy or advice. My graduation was delayed- impacted my move to another state for a great job.
Its a really nice campus, its basically a commuter school so there is no weekend events usually. if you want a big college campus feel then this is not the school for you. professors are nice and the classes are usually a nice small size. the food is a whole other story, not many options and end up eating out more than i would like to.
TWU is a great University!
A beautiful campus with a private-school feeling. The professors are personable, passionate, and committed. The library is one of the best parts of the campus. The parking is an issue and the student union/food options are weak, but no major complaints. It was a good option for the price I paid. Research and honors opportunities abound.
I love this campus
This is a great school to be at and you can meet a lot of great people. There are a lot of different clubs and activities to get involved in, but you need to take the first step and put yourself out there. Also, really the only place that you can study at is the library and any other place is kind of awkward to stay at.
