TWU is a fun campus to be on. Greek life is active and there are lots of orgs to join. All I can say is JOIN AN ORGANIZATION!!!! It makes networking on campus way easier and pads your resume. Between RHA, SGA, and G Force, CARE, and DIO there is something for everybody!
TWU is a great campus. Most everyone here is respectful and friendly, and the campus itself is beautiful. However, it can get pretty boring, especially on weekends. If you are planning to have a crazy college experience with lots of parties, this is not the college for you.
Pretty campus, small classes, good teacher education program, committed professors.
I love it here! So warm & welcoming!
Financial aid department is rude and disorganized. If you are in any business major beware of Gabria who is the rude receptionist working in the school of management!
TWU is very diverse and I love that. The campus is pretty but overall this school isn't the best. Professors are very picky when grading and grading criteria is never fully explained. Classes are strange. Not very many options for food. Majority of students are commuters and go to class for one reason and it's challenging to make friends.
A good campus. People can be friendly. Location isn't that attractive and nor are the buildings. Some buildings have a chronic bad smell that never goes away. Some just look ancient and run down. Bad sewage system. Bathrooms are far from pleasant. Food is alright. Vendors are sparse. Sitting is limited. So is parking. The nature aspect is nice.
I have been at this school for 5 years and the campus is pretty even if it's not fancy. The campus is next to other food places but is under construction to add a parking garage, more resident living areas, and a better student union. The campus is friendly, diverse and welcomes all kinds of people. I have no regrets at all choosing this school!
I'm just about to finish my first year and well i won't be coming back. It was nice but it wasn't the school for me. Didn't meet the expectations it said it would. I found myself pushing through the year with the help of family and friends. Only had two teachers that taught, the others didn't care if you understood or not. It's different for all.
TWU is a great school. The majority student body is women but men are more than welcome here! The location of TWU is great! Denton is such a great place to live as a college student.
is ok
For the Guys its great, for the Girls its great. one of the best school for health care professions.
TWU is in a very loving and caring campus. Everyone is very friendly and helpful. Good professors, Very safe campus with the help of dpd. There isn't many food options, parking and housing limited. But with the new dorms, student union and parking garage under construction, things are improving. Overall TWU is a great school and I love it
TWU has a great environment. Construction is going on so there are changes and adjustments. The only complaint I have is those that handle paperwork. Sometimes they're not in a good mood. Just make sure to check on the progress of any paperwork in case something goes missing or gets misfiled or you weren't notified of other needed forms.
Apparently, TWU has eliminated the Plano and Fort Worth campuses. I hope they will offer the MBA capstone course at the Dallas campus. The MBA program is changing and offering more options for graduate students.
The school is great and I would reccomend anybody to apply, but like any and every school TWU has it's weaker points.
Great School; 3 Campuses - Dallas, Denton and Houston. I studied Nursing Graduate level. Very knowledgeable professors, demanding but helpful. Financial aid department goes to lengths to help you. Tuition cheaper than UTA, but more beautiful campuses.
School is incredibly run down and underfunded in all aspects on the Denton Campus. Weird lingering smells, broken furniture in common areas, bathrooms are disgusting. Minimal good staff-the good ones leave, horrible ones aren't fired. Parking is a nightmare&Clubs aren't funded (no events)The only good parts are the Dallas campus which is wonderful
Parking here is terrible even with the new parking garage. No one wants to pay that much when a regular pass is so much cheaper. Plus the garage is on the middle of campus and is far away from dorms. The dorms are old and you can tell they look a little worse for wear. The feel of the campus is great and safe. Beautiful campus.
Not the best but also not the worst. Its cheaper than most universities. Also, pretty nice campus and its close to the Denton square which is pretty fun. Definitely not a party school, but UNT is a couple minutes away and they always have a lil sum sum goin on.
NO PARKING!!!
Like any school, TWU has positives and Negatives. There is no "perfect" school. If you are looking for Nursing, PT, Kinese, Women's Studies, etc. This school is top tier. For arts and general education it's more than adequate. The campus is nice and well contained, safe. The staff is above par overall. Some really GREAT profs who care. I Recommend
I am glad that I am attending this school, it is small and it is relatively cheap. It is close to UNT so if you want a party, head over there. Denton square is close but gets boring after a while. Food is mediocre, so I usually ate chick fil until my dining dollars ran out. Overall a pretty chill school, I feel like it is very accepting here.
Their business/ management school is horrible. Completely lacking for in curriculum and engagement. Very disorganized. Does not help students so be prepared to help yourself, if attending.
This is a place where most of the professors and staff care about the students. It is refreshing.
I have wanted to go to TWU for a VERY long time and now that I have been here for 4 semesters, I have LOVED every minute of it. I am an Education major and I think that the Education program is very great! My only complaint would be the limited parking for commuters, I feel that it decreases each semester, which is very inconvenient.
From the faculty/staff to the peers you will be with for the next four years or so, every one is here for one goal: to help each other achieve. Never have I felt more comfortable, yet challenged in an institution such as TWU. The students are helpful and genuine, and the professors/advisors are always more than willing to go the extra mile to help.
This University has good programs but they should put Actuarial Mathematics or Actuarial Science too. I think this University will be good for Actuarial Science/Mathematics than UTD.
I chose this university for its affordability and amazing Nursing program. No real campus life and If you want to party you will need to go to UNT. Programs are high quality, but life on-campus is lacking. I regret not getting the "typical" college experience. GO TWU FOOTBALL - STILL UNDEFEATED!!!
The professors are very helpful &are committed to helping students. Although TWU seems inviting, some of the buildings look run down & it shows when you enter them. TWU needs to make an effort to update the sitting spaces. The bathrooms are atrocious & this is due to the limited amount of restrooms in common areas like the CFO. Food is okay.
Great University!! With awesome instructors, the learning environment here is unmatched. There is a lot to do on this campus academically and socially. Even though its is a large school you are not just a number here, your family.
Some professors are great.
Overall, this is a good school. I like that the tuition fee is reasonable and all the buildings are well equipped and keeps developing. The school's library is beautiful and have variety of books. However, I really dont like the lack of parking lots, especially when I have morning class. I pay for parking fee but cant park anywhere. REALLY???
Great school. Very good professors overall. If you are looking for a party school - look else-where. If you are looking for a quality education that is actually affordable (compared to most), then this is your place. Denton has a lot to offer - including another major university and a Jr. College. The campus is beautiful. HIGHLY recommend
My journey at TWU has been bittersweet. I completed my undergraduate studies at a large tier 1 university. That was many moons ago. I felt a smaller university would be more intimate. I have never been more wrong. Arrogant professors, dishonest personnel, unfair grievance processes and lack of diversity are a snippet of problems at this campus.
I can't imagine myself anywhere else. The music program is fantastic, the professors are caring and loving. They really take care of you here.
This School has good programs. If this school adds one more CyberSecurity Programs then it would be more good for current demand.
Probably just like any other university, the parking is horrible especially since TWU is a small campus. They need to buy some of the land near by or something because the majority of the people who go here commute. Some days I only have 1 class and sometimes it might be later in the morning and I have to get there by 6:50am So I can get a spot
Very small campus. Relaxing atmosphere and generally had a great time with professors and my peers; however, I will say that there is not much going on at this school. A few events here and there, but not very exciting. Parking is a nightmare and needs to be fixed especially for all the commuters. Tuition was cheap compared to other options.
Faculty are really nice and want every student to be successful.
This university has good programs, but professors are really wierd. They are never anxious to help students. You will have lower grades and rude in nature. I think university has policy to make students fail and earn too much.
I initially chose TWU because I fell in love with the campus when I toured. I am not even done with my first semester here and I have already accepted to transfer somewhere else. If you want to truly have a college experience with classes and professors that get you excited about your degree then this is not the school for you, and me.
Not great at the administration level. Problems with records, payments, websites, etc. and the professors are very political. Too political! I don't want to discuss politics in every course!
I love my school! I chose to go to this smaller school because the smaller classes allow professors to better help you and remember your name. Everybody on campus has been kind, its beautiful, and feels like a family in a way. If you can, get the all dining dollars meal plan. You most likely wont use the cafeteria enough to get your moneys worth.
TWU really is like a private school for the cost of public. Its got so many resources to help you be successful academically. I live 5 hours away from Denton in Cypress TX and this school really is a home away from home.
If you can go somewhere else, go somewhere else. If I could give it a Zero on happiness, quality of professors, and reputation in the job/grad school market, I would. I am completely embarrassed to call this train wreck of a school my Alma mater.
I just finished my first year here and it's been pretty great. I do not have anything bad to say. The atmosphere, professors, and people are all focused on trying to help you succeed. If you are looking for an affordable university, with lots of diversity, surrounded by people just as focused as you, then choose TWU.
Overall, SOME professors are AMAZING. Campus is scary to live on sometimes especially when cops aren't doing their jobs to keep us safe! No social scene unless you go to UNT or fry. Small campus is really nice, things are very slow here. MEAL PLANS ARE A WASTE OF MONEY, no good food. Not enough parking for the amount of people who attend twu
Departments are cliques simply because the school is so small, be aware of that once you enter into a program You are either an in group or an out group. There is literally no in between. Please be cognizant of that. If something is fishy, keep a record.
If you like a peaceful area with some hustle and bustle this place is for you. The campus is so cute and really comforting but there is usually some type of event going on somewhere. While the campus is open the way it's set up feels almost like a private campus. I absolutely adore TWU, it really is one of my favorite places.
Although it may partially be due to COVID, my experience was not great. Very difficult to get signed up for housing, financial aid, and classes. The dining options on campus were rarely open and the food in the dining hall was gross. You can't even choose most professors and many of them were not good. Too expensive for the quality.
Really good school and I enjoy everything they do at Tdub. Great school to attend and great price as well.
