I'm a transfer student, my son and I live in the family housing. The Professors are great teachers and show a passion for teaching. My son LOVES eating the pizza in the dinning hall, and I would consider him an expert when it comes to pizza. I also like how campus police is always near by and response quickly to calls.
Most faculty really need attitude adjustments. I don't like paying money and driving over an hour to attend class just to have a rude professor. Also, don't get a parking ticket, which is $40+ as a new student because they don't care to listen to you when fighting the ticket.
TWU is a great campus with a great faculty. However, the school struggles a bit on the social atmosphere sometimes the events they do make me feel like I am still a child. Denton however, is amazing and has a lot of fun things to do!
a lot of classism and elitism by the professors in the psychology department. sometimes they don't respond to emails and they the whole department will not list their office hours anywhere
If you want a cheap campus with good nursing and health programs, then this school is for you. If you are looking for a party school or just looking for a good college experience, then this school isn't for you.
The campus is beautiful!
I worked 2 FT jobs, 80+ hours a week to pay for this degree. I escaped domestic violence and was also undocumented. I got zero financial help from TWU. The psych depart AA told me "I don't think you're going to make it" and a Director in the psych dept told me "I can't think of anything strong enough to write about" when I asked for an LoR.
no
There's always a chance to be more involved! Professors, most of the time, are willing to help and work with you!
Professor H.V. Jagdish is very patient and takes time to pronounce each word well.
Disappointed with the professors and situations I have experienced here. I wish I could say it has been a great experience. BUT it is clear that some of these professors don't care about teaching. Faculty seems to not understand the issues that students face with the lack of choices students have. Instructors need to be reviewed.
I love everything about TWU!
I think that the TWU campus is an amazing place to live and go to school.
This university sucks for ternational student. They will force you to buy health insurance from the school which costs $1700 every semester with zero facilities. Even under this insurance, you goona pay $80 bucks to see a primary care provider. Faculties are good. Denton seems to be different from dfw vibes.
I love twu it'll always have a special place in my heart. It may be overshadowed by bigger schools near by, but I love the small community we have here. There isn't a whole lot of activities or things to do, but it just brings you closer to the people around you.
Great campus and great people. The school isn't as well funded as other universities and it shows, but I have greatly enjoyed my time here as a student and staff member.
