This is a good all around school.  If you want a Liberal Christian school you will love it here, but I need to stress both of those things.  If you don't like people openly talking about their beliefs you will hate it.  If you don't like people openly trying to get homosexual marrage passed, then you will hate it.
Expensive and difficult, but a good education. Food is gross. They have some dumb rules, but they could be dumber... The friends you will make here are awesome. Lots of hotties too..and good parties.
It has some strange quirks, but it is a good school, but don't come here if you want to party. Too expensive and you'd be partying at other schools anyway.
This is a good school to go to. It is pretty easy to be accepted but it takes a lot of work to do well.  The campus is beautiful and the professors are really great.
Expensive and often an exorbitant amount of homework regardless of your major, but Calvin has many connections with grad schools and setting up their students with future employers.  Education is an investment, and the profs will challenge and shape your worldview that makes the whole thing worth it.
great opportunities for traveling and studying abroad.
Calvin is overall a good school. Professors are generally personal and are interested in students. It's in Grand Rapids, which is not the most dynamic city, so not good if u like night clubbing and the most trendy boutiques. Otherwise, it's a nice campus.
lots of rules, but an overall great school
Calvin College is a poser-liberal arts school, held back by a facade of local Christian traditions causing a divide between the insightful body and those who have never left their hometown. Lots of room for advancement, brings in great musicians for cheap concerts, great facilities and a good lineup of profs. Not too many pretty girls
When they say they are "distinctively Christian" they aren't kidding.
Great college! Calvin will let pretty much anyone in, but to make it through you will have to actually work hard your four years (unless you're a business major).  If you wanna party, I'd recommended a different school, but u'll have a great time here and make a ton of friends that will last the rest of your life.  Lot's of Dutch people.
Originally I didn't want to come to Calvin based off what I'd heard from others. I'm so glad I did. The school needs students who are passionate about changing what we don't like, not just students who complain about it. The professors are amazing, and you'll be pushed hard by the time you graduate. There's a reason we're so tough!
They should know that it is very easy to get into.  When I visited, the administration made it seem like it was difficult to get into and so I stressed out about it a lot.  Now that I am here, I find that I am one of the smarter ones in my classes, and that the students aren't as academic as I thought they'd be.  But the classes are still tough.
Go to Calvin
Make sure you've made up your mind before you come to Calvin.
Calvin is a tough school, but if you're like me and want a challenge, it's great. You'll learn a lot. The location is great, right outside of downtown Grand Rapids and Eastown is right down the road. They also have great concerts right on campus that are only $5 for students most the time, also they show good movies for free or for a dollar.
The profs are excellent. Financial Aid is better then the other schools I applied to. The food and location are both unfortunate, but so is the state of Michigan. However, I love Calvin for everything else. People on campus are very friendly.
Very liberal school, thus very open-minded which I think is great. Many great professors who are always willing to help. Incredible sports facilities. Dining halls have bad food. Wireless internet doesn't always work well. Challenges you personally, and academically. For me, the worst part is the terrible location, but overall GREAT school.
I love Calvin, best decision to come to here.
I love Calvin! It was the best decision to come here, but if you're thinking about coming to Calvin I would recommend getting some of your basics done through AP, duel credit, or a community college. It will work out in your favor if you do. And when it comes time to register you'll be in better standing.
It is a wonderful college with an absolutely beautiful campus.
I went to 2 other colleges before Calvin. D1 D2 and now D3. I've gotten a taste of pretty much everything, this college has bee the best by far! amazing people, academics, athletics, and always something to do.the faculty is AMAZING and genuinely want to see you succeed. Career development does all they can help you find a job after college.love it
THIS COLLEGE IS AMAZING!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Calvin offers many opportunities to study abroad, whether for three weeks during the month of January or for a whole semester. Almost everyone that I know has spent atleast an interim (January) abroad. Very engaging, intentional campus. Professors are generally quite liberal.Classes challenge your worldview.Thankful for all that Calvin has given me
All around a very good school. It is a little strict on some things but it's academics are very good.
Conservative but conducive to study
It is a fabulous Christ centered college that helps students with their faith while diving deep into many academic areas and stretching students. This place opens eyes.
Very good education taught from a Christian viewpoint, though it is not forced upon you. There are a lot of opportunities on campus, leading to even more after graduation. The teachers are very helpful, going out of their way to help you succeed. I love Calvin!
Great school
Calvin is a really good college with hard academics but a lot of good people. The sports are good for a D3 school, and the Calvin-Hope rivalry was even the #4 rivalry for ESPN. The only bad thing is winter in Michigan.
A beautiful campus inside and out. Amazing professors, friendly staffs, and excellent academics. Make as many friends as possible and don't get too hang up on one or two bad grades. Do not go to the library during final weeks.. unless you are looking for some chit-chat buddy. Do the campus tour before you come,it isn't a campus for everyone.
Calvin has such a fantastic community of people. From the chapels and LOFT services to the sporting events, Calvin offers something unique and special: a Christian community that truly cares. If you are looking for a Christian college, no matter what denomination, check out Calvin.
Great school. All of the prof's really care about you and the quality of the education is incredible.
Great School with a phenomenal education
Love this College.
Love this place, but so very expensive. Kind of ironic that a Christian institution would reserve its teachings for the elite of society, but not much can really be done about it. To be clear, though, this place is amazing, and totally worth the mountains of debt. Hopefully.
Calvin does a great job developing the thinking of its students. Often that means applying an over the top Christian emphasis. It has a good campus with some recently renovated buildings and some buildings that are far too old and outdated (library). Most of the professors are great and committed to helping you. Occasionally there's a bad one.
Great place for OPEN minded Christian or nonChristian. It is a great liberal art school that holds firm to Biblical teachings. Dorm life is the best and you will for sure feel welcome. Always be open to knew thinking here, there is a lot to offer.
Awesome campus, school, and people. So, so glad I chose Calvin!!
This is a great school that combines learning with a Christian environment and using our knowledge to better those around us in the Service of Jesus Christ!
Pretty good school. Amazing professors but the core requirements are tedious.
Great academics, supportive profs, beautiful campus, uplifting social atmosphere, encouraging spiritual environment!  My favorite place on earth!
I love calvin!
Calvin College is one of my favorite places in the world. The atmosphere is amazing and being here is the best time of my life. The classes are great and not extremely difficult. The only down side is the cost. I feel like I am getting an amazing education and having the time of my life doing it.
its a great small school and it's close to a bigger town but not in it. warm welcoming environment good professors who care about your learning.
Calvin College has a great campus, and is great all around. Definitely not a party school.
I wanted a big city, but Grand Rapids is the next best thing. Downtown is a 15 minute drive (30ish on the bus), and there's always something going on. The library is excellent in all but that it's not open on Sundays. Calvin invests a lot in its' students through connections, on campus shows and events, and especially in quality of academics.
Excellent institution grounded in faith-based academics. People are friendly and helpful, especially professors. There are many opportunities on campus and in the surrounding area and even more upon graduation due to many networking and career connections.
Such an awesome place!!!
Calvin is a great choice for the right person. It will be academically strenuous at many times, and near impossible at others. It is easy to stay involved as long as you are proactive in making it that way. You might struggle through faith, friendships, and school work, but in the long run Calvin will shape you into a much better person of society.
Calvin's pretty liberal, but other than that, really good college. Met some life long friends here and it's a tough, but good school.
Loved it!
I don't know if my rating of happiness is due to Calvin or some other impact on my life, so we're just gonna go with it.
Great school. I wish the food was better and the Internet wasn't as spotty.
Calvin is such a great school. Some of the courses are difficult, but you'll pass if you do the assignments. All of the profs are nice and willing to help if you reach out to them. The social life is great and there's always activities to get involved in.
Calvin College is great!
If you're looking for a Liberal Arts Christian School that has a very passionate Profs and willing to help, and willing to give you the reason why you should be passionate to for your vocation, or even what should you do with your life. Calvin is the best for you! You won't just learn about doing math in class, but also why math is important!
