Calvin provides a great academic education in a Christian environment.  Although Calvin has become progressively liberal over the last years, it remains a place where students can learn in a decent friendly atmosphere.  The professors tend to get to know you because of the small class sizes, and are willing to work 1-1 with you.
The location is often disappointing for me, being so close yet so far from downtownEastown. The interior design of social spaces is greatly disappointing for me as well.  The best things about Calvin though, after my four years here, are:  1.) the rigorous academics  2.) the seriously incredible professors (I have never had a truly bad prof)
I really liked it there and I didn't want to leave.  But there are some things that just can't be overlooked.  For one, I am trying to lodge complaints against two of my profs (one for academic misconduct, one for discrimination), and there are two forms to click to do so.  Neither of them works, nor have they worked for at least several months.
worst place i can imagine, if i were asleep itd be my worst nightmare
Calvin College is a wonderful school, full of great students and faculty! Although MI winters can be quite painful, it is definitely worth the cold weather for a great student life and education.
Calvin is for a very specific type of Christian crowd. Some people are really cool and others are extremely sheltered. A lot of variation of white people. Not much race diversity. Oh and there are open house hours between male and female forms. Also can't close the door with another gender in the room. Important to know that.
It is a great school!
Calvin is my home away from home. The education I received is better than I could have imagined and the friends I made will stay with me forever.
Great school in every aspect except for food. And wifi on Sundays.
Excellent school with excellent reputation, especially abroad. More and more non-Dutch CRC people every year has really helped Calvin grow in to another identity that isn't shoehorned with a specific group. One of the most liberal Christian colleges you will find, allows smoking on campus and doesn't require a non-alcohol contract. Best Internet.
Calvin College is a great place--if you fit in.  The campus is beautiful, and professors are excellent, but the campus life leaves something to be desired.
The campus itself is amazing. It's quiet but not secluded. Incredibly efficient wireless Internet in every room, excellently flexible and inexpensive printing system for students, and free laundry! Beautiful and easy to walk around, even with a highway splitting the campus. The grounds department is excellent and the facilities are top-notch.
Not a bad school at all.
As an excellent academic, I never felt too valued at the school.
Love it here. Fantastic, close-knit community, everyone's here to support each other (well, most of the time anyway). Great profs, interesting classes, and beautiful place/city. So happy I chose to come here.
I love the campus here. However, rumors spread easily and it's a gossip town
I am a first year student and have been here one semester. I do not plan on returning for second semester.1026
I'm a first year student and loving it! Calvin does a terrible job pairing roommates-which is dreadful. (mine watches me sleep!!!!!) Besides that, I like everything else :)
A school that encourages you and wants you to be the best you can be! But you also get out of it what you put in; there are tons and tons of opportunities and professors that are willing to help, but you need to take the initiative to make it happen. Overall a great experience and I am glad I chose Calvin.
Great school.... But there are so many flaws. People on campus are VERY bad at communication. Classes are VERY hard to get into and close very quickly. The Internet is terrible (especially in some of the apartments) and the IT department doesn't care, and they just tell you to use a wired connection.
I love this school
Just finished my first semester here and I love it :) The food is definitely not the best, but I can always find something to eat. Made a ton of friends early on, and that has definitely made the experience better. Everyone here, the profs, staff, students are really kind people, don't be intimidated by how tall they are.
Excellent social atmosphere and very helpful professors. Outstanding opportunity and professors that will work with you personally and get you internships and jobs. However, food is poor on Sundays. Also, there is not too much to do on campus and  the library is closed on Sunday. Wifi is good most of the time but will fail occasionally.
Finished my first semester here and I loved it more than I expected :) The professors here genuinely care about helping students succeed in their classes and I met so many awesome people.
I absolutely love this school. I was a little apprehensive to go here at first because a lot of people from my high school go here, but I can stay connected with old friends and have made so many new friends. Such a loving and caring community. I can't imagine myself anywhere else.
Don't expect it to be incredibly easy, but it's worth it!
Awesome school, but very academically challenging.  Expect lots of homework.  Awesome community.
Love it here and am so glad I decided to come!
Great school! I love being here, even though I will be paying off my education for a long time.
I went here, and though I am a christian, I am not in the reformed church, and due to this, I struggled to be accepted. I was often evangelized to when people found out I went to public school
Great location in a good part of Grand Rapids.  Food could use some improvement but overall really nice grounds and common areas.  Very nice nature preserve on the south side of the campus.
Calvin is an amazing place. Everyone is very welcoming and it is a strong Christian community where you can greatly grow in your faith. The kindness is always present and it is a great place to get an education and learn in a supportive academic community.
I love Calvin. Its a great school. Its not anything extraordinary, just a good school where you will get a great education and meet a lot of great people that share your faith and common intrests
Calvin College is a great college. The academics can be a bit challenging, but that is expected for a liberal arts college. The school is pretty expensive but I would say it's worth it!
Great atmosphere! I was not expecting to get the amount of help and support that I am through Calvin, the support systems that I have are amazing. Tuition is a lot and the academics are tough but it's well worth it!
Strict rules on campus and off, but if you don't mind putting up with them its a great campus, well developed services and a pretty good alumni network. Great opportunities IN MICHIGAN and a pretty dedicated alumni network. As an out of state business student, I don't have access to some of the opportunities back home I'd have at another school.
just okay
Don't come here if you are looking for diversity. Also having a car is a must.
It's a really good school but everyone goes home on the weekends. I moved 6 hours away from my home town for this school. Would not suggest coming here unless you have somewhere close to go to on the weekends.
Great school but people like to complain.
Great school. Faculty is full of distinguished professionals. Food sucks though. Campus is nice though and the people are amazing here. Also the campus is super safe.
Calvin is a great school. The students are kind and inviting and the faculty care about you a lot.
Calvin is an amazing school. First of all it really prepares you for any career path. I'd say profs like to keep you fairly busy and really want you to know their material in order to get good grades. Secondly, the school has so many clubs for students to get involved with and there is a lot of effort put into making people feel welcome.
A great school if your from Michigan, a small town, or an international student. I'm from a big city and was bored. Little diversity, slow public transit overall felt trapped on campus. The kids are sheltered Christian homophobes who still haven't left the bubble. They go home weekly to be with parents. Profs are what make the school great.
Love it here
I have loved every part of my education at Calvin College. From forming relationships with professors and being challenged in classes to making friends and always having something to do on campus or in GR; I have thoroughly enjoyed every year in a different way. I will miss Calvin and the memories I have made here.
Disclaimer: This is my brutally honest review. Once winter rolls around, everything becomes depressingly hard. Why am I still here? Because gotta get that degree! But sometimes you gotta sacrifice a lot of things when you want to be away from your parents.  Also it looks good if you're struggling at a high reputation college.
I had a very mixed experience at Calvin, although in retrospect I'm glad I went. The Student Activities Board could be the best part about this college, alongside the consistent drive and brilliance of the faculty. At this school I felt that I was cared for at a personal level even if I disagreed with many of its positions.
Beautiful campus and small as well.  Safe.  Food isn't the best.  Academically difficult.
It's a great school I love it here. The people are nice. It's easy to find your niche.
great place
LOVE THIS COLLEGE!!
I'm happy that I decided to attend Calvin over other choices. It's an institution that challenges me not only academically, but mentally and spiritually as well. You receive a well rounded education here and meet people from all over the world. There's also many great opportunities to travel abroad and get credits for classes at the same time.
Calvin College is a great place to be. The academics are hard, but that is how you know you are getting a good education. The professors here, unlike most colleges, actually care about YOU. They want you to succeed, and they are willing to meet and talk with you 1 on 1. They will know who you are, and it is amazing.
Love it here at Calvin! The people are great, and the profs are here to help the students, rather than just receive a salary. There's lots of opportunity for internships, going abroad, and conducting research. 10/10 would recommend.
Safe environment. Most people are really nice and easy to make friends. Tons of opportunities for internships and study abroad. Most professors care about their students and are willing and happy to help out. Really close to downtown, plenty to see and do. The only irritating part is that everyone is too sheltered, and can be narrow-minded.
I've been here for two years so far, and I really enjoy the atmosphere and community. The only thing that is somewhat frustrating is its location; because it's far from downtown, it's difficult to access the city center and it's difficult to get around without a car. However, we have a beautiful, spacious campus with a nice nature preserve
Calvin's community is second to none. Despite being a small campus, you can easily find your niche and be very involved with the community through various clubs and activities that Calvin has to offer.
Calvin College is fantastic. It offers something for everyone. It's located in the city of Grand Rapids, but feels like a small town where everyone knows your name. Calvin takes a fresh approach to Christianity and the reformed tradition. Overall the students, staff, and facilities are great.
Great school with strong academics and a great community.
Great school!
Calvin is a strong private college with below average wifi but great safety. Easy to make friends here.
Great school great times great people
Calvin College is a good school if you make it out to be! Take the opportunity!
Calvin is a great academic school, with tons of awesome people. Lots of social opportunities, but they aren't forced. Spiritual life is great as well. Food is good depending on the day. Residency is manageable. Profs definitely care about you! Internet has its ups and downs. Overall, this place has come to feel like home!
