Calvin is a great place to go for undergraduate degrees. At least in the STEM areas. It used to be a true Liberal Arts school until they slashed the Arts areas. I was one of the Music majors before the slashing began and it saddens me to see what's become of my alma mater and the music, art, and language departments. Maybe again someday?
I cannot imagine being anywhere else. The professors are amazing, loving, people who genuinely care about each of their students. There is a wonderful emphasis on creation care with the nature preserve, kill-a-watt, and recycling and composting in the dorms. And so many fun opportunities such as Tuesday night swing dance, and rock climbing.
Seriously the BEST faculty, if you're looking for an ivy grade liberal arts school, you've found it!
Think you might want to go to Calvin? Go to Calvin. You'll never regret it.
I was sent on transferring and didn't even want to come at first because I thought I "deserved better", but now I find myself not wanting to leave :)
Calvin rules.
The dining halls should be opened later for dinner!! Who eats dinner at 5?!!
Calvin is a nice place to go if you don't feel like leaving high school.
Calvin is a great place to be. The professors are amazing and all genuinely care for their students. Grand rapids is also a nice area to live
Absolutely adore Calvin College. I went back and forth choosing between Hope and Calvin, and I have never been happier with a decision. Amazing professors. Amazing people. Just an absolutely wonderful school.
Calvin feels a lot like a cross between high school and a Christian summer camp. But there are some great classes to take.
I like it here
This place sucks.
The best part about Calvin is the people, hands down. It's a great community to be a scholar, an athlete, or anything in-between. I love that it gives me the chance to pursue so many of my interests-- and in such beautiful facilities too.
A school that has challenging academics but is more than willing to help you. Food can definitely use some help. Coming from a former student officer, you will be very safe here. One thing that will shock you is how kind everyone is. Almost everyone will greet you with a smile. Professors will always say hi. It was my home for 4 years.
They make you work for your grades. But the tough academic reputation opens loads of doors in the real world. The food and weather could definitely be better. You will be safe. Campus Safety will respond quickly to any emergency and is well trained. Everyone is incredibly kind. This place will change you for the good. K4L
Calvin University is a place for homeschool freaks to go to avoid the real world for another four years. The students are arrogant & clicky, and it's high school 2.0 in regards to drama & emotional capacity. The professors are pretty hit or miss, and the staff is very dedicated to student's success, but treats their students like they're children.
People are generally nice, but a lot of social events are catered to the super-christian crowd of people, which makes it harder for people who don't fit in with that kind of group to make connections. Location is really bad, if you don't have a car you'll be stuck on campus basically all the time. Food is okay, but dining hall hours are not great.
Transferring out. Calvin's a really good school, but there isn't much keeping students there anymore. Decisions are based on money, not on what students need or ask for. Most programs and policies need updating to fit the 21st century. However, the people there are the most genuine I've ever met, and the campus is secluded and perfectly located.
Calvin is not what I expected. They treat their students like children, I feel they are holding our hands a little tighter than they should be held as adults. I am disappointed in the way they advertise theirselves, professors, coaches, students, etc. I feel myself falling out of love with the school daily. It is very vigorous and in a good locatio
Calvin feels much more like a Christian summer camp or high school than a University. Its very insular and parochial because most of the faculty are Calvin alums themselves. The school could really benefit from fresh outside perspectives.
Calvin has provided so many opportunities for me to grow as an individual. Their faculty are well knowledge and personable.
I think this school could be a lot better than it is. This may be because I'm a fairly liberal guy from CA, but the decisions that they make feel like they're trying to please the donors rather than the students (money is tight for the school anyways). Decisions like what programs to cut or how separated the genders are in the dorms.
I loved my time at Calvin. I met lifelong friends and grew so much as a person during my time here. Some professors are great and others are mediocre, but they're all caring as people. The only issue is that I think tuition is ridiculously high and anyone who is paying full (or close to full) in tuition wouldn't be getting their money's worth.
very disappointed in the school. there is no community unless you are from Grand Rapids and/or are Dutch. Very cliquey. Poor use of money all around. campus is depressing. Nothing fun every going on. Campus/college events are horrible. Living in the dorms was so rough. people aren't nice, the food is awful, no sense of community/genuine friendship
Love this school! I have really enjoyed my time here, met so many amazing people and am fully confident I will leave with an amazing education and good perspective. They teach you to not only learn your subject matter, but really dive into all aspects of what you're interested in. I wish there was school spirit and greek life.
Sad college only lasts 4 years!
i'd give it a 8.2/10
