Transferred to Mount Union my sophomore year and I'm very happy with my decision to attend.
probably a better choice for someone involved in sports; majority of students are involved in some form of athletics.  students who aren't seem to go home every weekend.
I would say this is a really good school to come to for education. If you not looking to be at huge campus and your here to get quality education this is the place to be. I very happy with my decision to come here.
Great school with great alumni. You're pretty much guaranteed a job.
Mount Union is a great small school that is, believe it or not, more than the sum of it's DIII powerhouse football team.  You can receive a great education and make lifelong contacts and friends at Mount.
Choosing Mount has been the best decision of my life; I've yet to meet a mean person on campus, the professors genuinely care about their students and there's always something to do. We're a family here and I'm getting the best college experience I could ever wish for. It's also really easy to juggle extracurricular activities.
Never been more miserable in my life.
It may be b/c I was stuck in the transition b/w a 3 credit hour & a 4 credit hour system, but my experience at Mount has not been up to par. I love the school, love the campus, the profs & students, but the administrative offices are disorganized & unhelpful. If you don't fit their idea of a "standard" student, they don't want to help you.
Couldn't have been happier with my choice of Mount Union. The amount the faculty cares for students and the emphasis on learning is tremendous.
A great place to be. Engineering Program is new with new equipment and new ideas.
Beautiful!
Very beautiful campus very clean and well maintained. Huge campus center and pretty lake. Honestly, very very beautiful place! Loved it.
I recently transferred out of mount because I wasn't finding myself connecting to the people around. It's a very sports oriented school and if you're not into that it's hard to connect to people. The school was beautiful and the people there were friendly but it just wasn't the place for me.
worst school ever
I feel in love with our campus! Everything is beautiful, neat and clean. Walking around campus is fun too. People here nice and so are the workers. There are many ways to be involved. Greek life, intramural, clubs, and so much more. Dorms are also very nice. Love every bit of mount union!!
Renowned football program, exceptional in almost all sports. But the teachers are its real advantage. Haven't had a teacher here who won't devote time outside of class to any student who asks.
If you are an athlete you will like this school a lot more than a non athlete
