The campus is so beautifl
Has a great community feel with lots of school spirit. professors always have an open door policy and know you by name. Made friends for life
Mount Union is a fantastic University. It allows you to balance everything you want to do while achieving a high quality education. Best decision I have ever made! Mount Up and Go Raiders!
If you don't play a sport, Don't come
Love it here
I do enjoy this campus though there isn't much to do in the area.
Great school overall. The only problem I have is that it seems the same handful of students in each grade are given all the opportunities on campus, be it special faculty/student groups, homecoming court, and leadership positions.
Great atmosphere
If I could do my college search again and find somewhere else, I would consider it. However, I'm not aching to transfer.
Mount Union is a beautiful campus with exceptional Classes, Clubs and Sports! Go Raiders
Would do it all over again in a heartbeat! But not because Mount offers anything exceptional. Found the right group of friends and that was all I needed. At Mount (IMO), you either have to be an athlete, or you have to go Greek in order to get the full experience. I would describe Mount as one BIG high school where everyone jus tlives together.
I went here for one semester and then transferred. I hated it. I don't know if I can really pinpoint one reason as to why. I wasn't from the area, maybe that's why. I made friends, but just didn't fit in there. Beautiful campus but just wasn't for me.
Love it here, the athletics are all at the top of D3 sports!
Best choice I've ever made
I drive an hour and a half every weekend just to get away from this campus. The Lakes in the center of campus are beautiful and some buildings are getting make-overs, but campus security take FOREVER to respond,the food is a disgrace,and as a transfer student;I would have gladly transferred again except they would have completely jacked my credits.
Pretty campus. The teachers are very helpful and i feel like I can come to them whenever, but everything outside of that is a little downhill. The only big problem is everything about the cafeteria. The hours are the worst especially if you are an athlete.
I love it here! highly recommend this school all around.
Overall, Mount Union is great. I wish there were more events available to commuters without us having to sit at campus for hours waiting for the event with nothing to do.
