Not too bad. Not that great either.
Excellent School! Friendly and great professors. Very welcoming environment.
Mount Union is my home. It's just big enough where you don't know everyone, but still small enough where if you've had someone in lecture, they will wave and say hi because they remember you. The food is good, the campus is beautiful! As of 2018 they have updated the library and plan on many more upgrades in the coming years. Lots to do!
Everyone knows about Mount Union football and that put us on the map. I commute and the location is great. Through three semesters I have been set up with opportunities I never imagined I would have. I am involved with four on-campus organizations and have been networking with a plethora of people in my field of study. I love it here!!!
Professors are top of the line, opportunities are always there for the taking a professors always guide you in the right direction. Education is top notch. Few things that aren't great, cafeteria food gets old quick and the internet is bad. Weekends are what you make them. All in all, I made the right decision and would recommend.
Alliance isn't the best place to be right now... AVI tries on food but it's pretty dicey. Good lectures and guest speakers. Overall good faculty but low on common area. Pretty cliquey in terms of social. You kinda gotta be part of a clique to have a friend. Clubs are ok.
Mount Union is my home. I am so glad that I choose to receive my undergraduate degree at Mount Union. This campus is a community and you will feel like you belong here. The campus is beautiful. The faculty and staff truly care about your success and you will excel at Mount Union.
I can honestly say choosing Mount Union was the worst decision of my life and I regret it on a daily basis. The professors are no help at all and do not care they will watch you suffer and enjoy it. All they care about is taking your money and stripping every last penny from you. If you are thinking of going here run in the other direction.
