This school is lame. Ifyouke to party forget about it. The campus is one street. The onl good part is that its a short drive from Ohio State's campus.
ODU is a Catholic Liberal Arts school, so don't expect to see a huge party scene. The class sizes are small which provides you with a good relationship with the faculty. We have an amazing/ interesting history. The campus is beautiful. Its a great place with good academics. If you want to party, go to Ohio State.
I LOVE Ohio Dominican University. I have been introduced to amazing people and the faculty to student ratio is phenomenal. You get that one on one time with faculty and that has been dire to my academic success. Definitely recommend for anyone, the campus is beautiful and I have learned so much at Ohio Dominican.
Was going to go to Ohio State, so glad I didn't! I'm a student on this campus and not just a number! The profs. will make you work, but are eager to help.
I can't see myself attending college anywhere else. If I had the choice to do it all over again, I would still choose to go to ODU. Best four years of my life!
#panthernation
ODU was a good school, 20yrs ago. Now it is a degree factory. Only come here as a last resort. Don't come here unless you don't care about a quality education. It's all about taking your money in every way possible rather than teaching you what you need to survive in the real world. The classrooms & cafeterias are filthy due to service cuts.
I do not think it is worth the cost and the requirements that are set were too high.
I have no regrets about attending.
Big mistake going here. They do not care about students and if you issue a complaint it's like falling on deaf ears. Not sure where my money was going since it was obviously not going towards technology or building improvements. Handful of good professors.
Its a great school.
Great small university located near the Columbus Metropolitan Hanger, a.k.a. Port Columbus International Airport. This is its biggest downfall Classes are interrupted every 15 minutes  because of airplanes overhead. Other than that this campus is amazing, that coupled with a fantastic staff makes ODU a great university for central Ohio students.
