UCA is a great place to live and learn! I recommend living on campus your first year. I had a blast! Theres always something to do. Most of the teachers are great too! I recommend UCA to everyone.
If you plan to attend here buy rain boots!!! I can not stress this enough! and when it rains wear them! I learned UCA was built on swamp land wich is wy it tends to flood when it rains! other wise you will love this school!
Wonderful
The administration does not have good service. It takes two hours to get a transcript the same day, and up to ten days by mail. The Registrar is kind of arrogant and acted put out when there was a problem with my transcript. I had to provide course descriptions from my old school to straighten it out. Beware if you are transferring to this school.
Very calm atmosphere on campus. Faculty and staff are friendly and interested in you and your success! Great university!
I transferred from Louisiana State and I would advise other transfer students to watch out for the Registrar's Office. I had a very hard time getting my courses transferred properly.
Really awesome environment. It is a smaller campus for the number of students so it is easy to find things. Beautiful. Ive-leagueish if you will.
UCA is a great affordable school. Classes aren't too small or too big, plenty of opportunity on campus, and good greek life. There's a great Honors College program that rivals northern liberal arts programs. Overall, great school with nothing that could possibly be said negative about it.
I think UCA has a lot of administration problems, but other than that, I think the school offers some good degrees.  Living on campus is fun, especially in the apartments.
UCA is probably the best kept secret in terms of a 4-year college in Arkansas. The social life is great, and the greeks really bring the campus to life. STAY IN THE DORMS YOUR 1ST & 2nd YEAR! You'll meet or see everyone and you'll always know what's going on. It's all about time management, if you can't manage your time, you won't last long.
I'm so glad I chose to go to school here! The teachers are amazing, the campus is beautiful, and there is always something to do. The only downside is parking. Parking can suck sometimes, but other than that I have completely loved every part of this school!
The campus is beautiful, there is a wonderful fountain that is my main center of attraction where people can go to relax and enjoy the day! My experience here so far is amazing and I'm so glad I chose to come here. Greek chapter can be a little loud in dorms on Tuesday nights but that's the only fault. I would defiantly recommend UCA. GO BEARS!
The only bad thing is the severe lack of parking and all the meter-maids!
My only complaint: Athletics are a joke here. Football is usually pretty good, but the stadium sucks, just as all other sports' facilities on campus suck. Reason: the university's endowment is VERY low.
I love UCA! Go Bears!
Great!!
The students are very friendly here and I have yet to meet one mean professor! There is a place for everyone at UCA!
Great school! If you're not in a sorority or fraternity though, it's hard to make friends. If you're country, don't go here.
Overall, this is a good school. I was disappointed when I transferred here because many of my gen-eds didn't count as credit at UCA so I had to take some over again which added another year or so to my graduation date.  Parking sucks, but the shuttle helps.  I love the teachers in my department (Interior Design).
Being a young(26)non-trad student with 10+ work experience I find the education quality a bit lacking overall in what really occurs in today Gen Y workforce. The overall technology could use a serious face lift in regards to email and collaboration with other students.
I love it here!
Just know the difference between Monday morning and Saturday night.
Love everything about this school! So glad I came here!
The worst part of attending UCA is the extremely poor teaching quality.  The professors do not know the material adequately and, even worse, are unaware of how to practically apply the "knowledge" they are injecting into the student population.  This is true of multiple departments at UCA.  Worst. School. Ever.
UCA is a wonderful school full of friendl people. I have yet to have a mean professor. I reccommend it to anyone who wants to attend a medium sized school.
I had originally planned to attend U of A, Fayetteville. I am so glad I did not. Academics are taken much more serious here than Fayetteville and the parties are just as good. It is a medium sized campus. I say that because it is small enough to see someone every day if you choose and its big enough to never see them again. it is perfect!
UCA is a great school. I was a little apprehensive about coming to a public college, but once I got here I  loved it! The food is pretty good. The library is awesome and has a Starbucks in it that stays open late which is a favorite feature of mine. I also love (most) of professors! They really know their stuff and add to the great environment!!
Go To UCA!!
Bbdy
I absolutely love UCA! It is the perfect size and has given me a home away from home. The students and faculty are great! There are many ways to get involved on campus and get to know the students that you attend school with! I love knowing that I m not just a number, but an actual person here at UCA. LOVE THIS SCHOOL!
Great school so far, I highly recomend it.
that this school has a lot of school spirit and a lot of nice people.
Attending UCA has been the best decision I've made thus far. It is exactly what I wanted in a college.
GO BEARS!<3
This is a school where the professors care about their students and their success.  The new Business program is top notch and I am very impressed with the offerings for non-traditional students.  They really make us feel like we belong there!!
i don't like it at all
I absolutely LOVE the campus!!!
Excellent school
Love it!!!
I love UCA. The only thing I don't like is seeing the same people everyday. I almost feel like I am in high school again because the campus is so small. I would have rather gone to a bigger university. Everyone is super nice here! If you are planning on going here, join a club, sports team or Go Greek! You don't fit in if you're GDI...
Great teacher, easy assignments
This is a very diverse school that is very accepting of all people.  Anyone could easily feel at home here.  The campus is easy to navigate and located on a very picturesque landscape.
Its a great school. I came to UCA to participate in the nursing program. So far I have not been regretted my choice!
UCA does not help the students.
I had a good experience here.  Loved the Honors College, but honestly some of the  students in Honors think a bit highly of themselves.  Biology Dept. had good faculty that actually try. Chemistry Dept. not as good with upper level courses.
This is the best colleges to learn at. Clean, lots of things to do on the weekends, huge library and great academic center, great selection of food and a great bookstore!
The school is fantastic. You'll get a quality education with a ton of opportunities. Conway is an okay town; nothing special.
Wonderful place to go to school. Beautiful campus!
If you're considering another school, stop. This is the one.
Great school with great academics!
This is an amazing school to attend. Perfect mix of large D1 school, yet small town feel.
I love my school and everyone at it!
It's a great school that will work with you to make your challenge career as best as they can!
Love it
UCA is a great university!! They were helpful with getting me a job after I graduated!! The faculty is amazing and always helpful!!
Awesome
Yep. WiFi SUCKS.
This School has given me the chance to express who I am and what I love to do. Going to college here makes me want to go more, I don't have to push myself out of bed to go to class.
UCA is a beautiful campus.  All of the professors are very helpful, and most will go out of their way to help you succeed if you put some effort in.  The Block Plan allows you to eat both in the Caf and Student Center, which is what I recommend! I wish there were more clubs to choose from, but other than that, I absolutely love UCA!
I love this school!
I LOVE IT
Very great school to attend
It is great.
UCA is a great school.
i would say it is a really good school, and it is not that hard if you just do the work; however, if you are looking for fun Arkansas IS NOT THE RIGHT PLACE. if you have your old friends with here that will be great, if you are trying to get friend that would be suck, kind of.
great school
Rep: Good. Location: it's in a dry county, need I say more? Little Rock being less than an hour away is a plus. Easy to get involved. Bad wifi. BEAUTIFUL campus. Clubs? 1 maybe 2. Majority of the prof. are excellent. Get to know people & get involved! College town with a southern small town feel. I've enjoyed my time at UCA & now call Conway home!
I have the best experience here at UCA with professors, activities, convenience, advisers, employment and clubs. This is a great school to be at and people are willing to help you if they see you are making an effort in trying your best.
I love this campus and the people on campus! However, in order to get involved and find things to do you have to get plugged in. I suggest greek life or some other involved organization.
The UCA campus is absolutely beautiful. I can't wait for the leaves to change. There are lots of big, tall tress. It's a perfect place to go sit outside on a cool day unde
COME HERE. Simple as that. UCA is a wonderland. The library is incredible. You can check out calculators, textbooks, laptops, and headphones. No late fees, no overdue cutoff. The professors are pretty spectacular and the campus is oh my god beautiful. My bff described it as a "little Harvard." Conway is eh but UCA is the best school in Arkansas.
I Love UCA!
The campus is nice for the most part, and you don't have to drive ot walk far for classes. Internet on campus is getting an upgrade soon I've been hearing, which it greatly needs. The food, specifically in the cafeteria, is awful for the most part and requires a drink to get it down most of the time.
Good college
Good place! I like it a lot
Pretty good school. The Wifi on campus needs some work but it's pretty cool here.
It is a decent sized college in a relatively small town. The class sizes are not overly large and there are lots of friendly people ready to help you.
The school is what I expected it to be. It's not terrible, but it's not great. It's good however, for the price.
Not too big, not too small. Just the right size and I wouldn't want to attend any where else!
UCA could do more to involve students, and create better interconnectivity. But, for the most part its alright!
So, for starters, the school's a 4 of 10, but the people are awesome! College is what YOU make it for the most part, so it's possible to turn that 4 into a 9. Worst: Internet SUCKS. Be ready to invest in 3G. NO CONNECTION. Also, food's crap. Best: Social within dorms. The 'residential' dorms throw events almost every other night in their lobbies.
I can't imagine any place else I would rather be! College is definitely what you make it, so if you come in with a positive outlook and a willingness to branch out, you will succeed at almost any college, but UCA has a little something special.
