UCA is a great and beautiful campus. They could use more psychology classes and professors.
This is my 4th Arkansas college to attend, and it is by far my favorite.  Class selection is above-average for the bigger departments, but some of the arts are a little lacking in specialized classes.  Campus looks great and is well-maintained.  Parking is a bit rough.  I have never had a poor professor in 4 semesters, but I ask around first.
Kind of too talked up.
UCA is okay. If you like a small school then it's for you. However, there's not much going on unless you are in Greek life. It's pretty, in a good area, but I am shocked at how the department doesn't care about the bad performance of professors. If you want fairgood professors for the most part, do not go here. Everything else is fair.
The main issue is the wifi connection. Other than that the school is all around an amazing school with lots of opportunity for success.
i love UCA! it's a beautiful campus!
UCA hires HORRIBLE professors. There's no help for situations and there's only events for Greek life. I'm debating on transfering
I have loved UCA. You get out what you put into an education here. The class sizes are fantastic and the teachers are very willing to help and in some cases get to know you on a personal level!
UCA is nice. If you like a small school then it's for you. However, there's not much going on unless you are in Greek life or a religious org. It's pretty, in a good area, and lots to do around Conway if you have a little cash. Close to the capital of Arkansas with more to do in Little Rock. Cost is fairly low for the state and totally worth it.
I LOVE UCA! There are so many chances to be involved around campus. They people are so nice and the professors are really helpful. The internet sucks but thats  expected. The library is usually busy. The best place to eat on campus is the Student Center!
I love UCA. My only issue isn't even with the actual school itself. It's just too far from where I live.
UCA is a fun, friendly and loving campus. Highly recommend any incoming freshman that are on the fence about coming here to definitely make UCA your top choice.
Not enough bang for your buck.
Glad I chose UCA as my home away from home!
I used to live in a major western city so coming to conway was a bit of a shock. It's a good school though.
I love it here
This school is perfect for if you're looking to just "do school." Every department is very opportunistic. There are a lot of great support systems as well, but what I like is that none of them are required. The school is set up to let you be your own person.
I love this school.
UCA is your best bet in Arkansas
...........
I love UCA. I have gotten plugged in to social organizations (i.e., greek life, clubs, etc.). The food could be healthier and the internet stronger, but the opportunities are incredible! If a student really wants to get things done, there are an immense amount of resources right at their finger tips!
Pretty good school. The Biology department is pretty great.  Health department is pretty terrible.  Overall, it is a reasonably-priced, worth-your-while education.
rush greek life
Overall i love it
This is such an amazing school, I haven't encountered anything bad.
GO TO UCA. LOVE IT.
Find your niche academically, socially and in outside-of-school activities and stick with them. Going halfway into something here leaves you with nothing much once you decide you may not like something. Basically, the good is at the surface, the bad is just below the surface and the really good is way down there.
It's alright. There are better colleges. The wifi gives me heartburn. Overall though, I'm fairly happy here. There are definitely worse colleges.
This a great college, and I highly recommend attending. Get involved! Go Greek! And even if ou don't go Greek, there's a hundred other RSO's to get involved in. I can't stress how important it is to get involved, don't just go through college, make it enjoyable and rememberable.
I love this campus! I've had a few bad professors here and there, but overall my experience is great. I also have had issues with the financial aid office, but still wouldn't want to be at any other university!
Loooove this school!!
WORST PARKING. I PROMISE, I PROMISE, I PROMISE. PARKING NEEDS TO BE AN OPTION TO RATE. I love my school over all though. They should definitely do something better about parking though
There are only opportunities if you make them. It's a small state school, but don't let that fool you. If you aren't religious, it is much harder to make friends and feel "in" on campus. Greek life is also a HUGE deal here. It's very ring by spring, and if these aren't your kinds of things, it's truly hard to fit in.
Boring campus.
UCA is a great choice. I plan on finishing out all 4 years here. Loving it. Although do be careful for the boys. SOME will take advantage really quickly. Had a terrible TERRIBLE terrible experience my first week, but all worked out and I'm loving it.
Every day is the best day to be a bear!
Love this school!! Transferred here, the teachers are great and so far really enjoy the campus. The stud has Einstein's so basically I'm living the life.
Great school! I love it.
UCA is a wonderful school. The students and teachers here are even better.
Great school in a great location in a growing city and just a short drive from little rock. very safe campus and city to live. Highly Recommend
I love UCA!!! It was my second choice college and I transferred here after I didn't end up liking my first (which was Vanderbilt) and I feel at home on this campus. I absolutely adore everything about this campus! And I joined a sorority (Sigma Kappa) and it's even more like home. I love how inviting everything and everyone is
Great campus with great professors! Horrible internet though, which is problematic because many classes require the use of internet .
Such an amazing atmosphere. Everything is right there in front of you. Food is great! Clubs and events happen a lot so you should never be bored!
The majority of the teachers care! When there's an issue it usually is solved very quickly and the president is always fast to respond. The cafeteria is not too bad either with the very many choices they have. The  student center is very great as well. Events help by the campus are always great and the campus is centered and safe!
good stuff
i grew up down the road and have dreamed of UCA my whole life. now that i'm hear, it's everything i've always wanted, and i never wanna leave
It's an amazing school in a great city. There's so much to do around town, even when broke.
Below average university. The most bang for your buck college in Arkansas is Arkansas State. Thank goodness I am transferring.
Its just a very nice place to be.
UCA is a wonderful atmosphere to be in. It's cheaper than other schools who offer the same quality. There was study done that people who go here make more money on average than other schools, such as A-state, after I think like 10 years. And It's cheaper than A-state.
This University, if you allow it, can shape you as a student, leader, and citizen. There are many opportunities to succeed on this campus due to the size, wonderful faculty and staff, and registered student organizations. I have learned more about myself, others, and the world I live in than I ever anticipated. I fully support this university.
I loved my time at UCA. Just the food and wifi suck. Also, everyone leaves on the weekends, so have some place to go, because Conway on the weekends sucks.
I loved my time at UCA. Just the food and wifi suck. Also, everyone leaves on the weekends, so have some place to go, because Conway on the weekends sucks. :/
I have friends who are graduating from Arkansas Tech and A State with a similar degree and can not find a good job. I have gotten multiple offers from employers  in Arkansas 1 year before i plan on graduating. The UCA College of Business is great and UCA Career Services is very active in helping you find a career after college.
It's cool. Everyone's nice.
Greek Life is the best part. The wifi sucks but this campus is like home. Everyone is nice and friendly.
Great school for the money.  Still growing, so overall facilities aren't up to par with larger universities, but that is rapidly changing.  Academics are on par with any other major school in the region.
I'm from Texas so it's a big change, but the students are very friendly and I enjoy the school so far.
Conway sucks, campus is okay
Money is spent in weird places when there are issues that need fixed. Like the air conditioning in Irby hall.
UCA is a great school and the faculty couldn't be better. The food options are okay but get tiring fast. Conway is not a bad place to be but thankfully Little Rock is close for things to do. Social  life at UCA is great because there is always something going on. Greek life is pretty popular here and it's a great way to get involved.
I love UCA! I'm so glad they chose me to be apart of their community! They have amazing professors and such a beautiful campus! You wont regret coming here!
Love it so much
I love UCA!! The campus is beautiful and  theres a lot to do around Conway and Little Rock. The professors seem to care about the students and always want to see you do good. Ive had such a great experience here. Come take a tour and check out UCA for yourself!
The food and wifi are honestly the worst part about UCA
The campus is great, staff is helpful, and the student center has some great fast food places. Registering for classes can be difficult, and the advisers for freshman and sophomores aren't as helpful as they should be. All in all it's a good school.
If you're not a social person I wouldn't recommend UCA too you!
UCA is a great campus with lots of green space and a vibrant social dynamic. UCA is also a great sized school with amazing opportunities to be involved on and off campus.
UCA was the best decision I've ever made. I couldn't be happier with the activities that I've participated in. I feel very safe and loved by most professors and faculty members. So much love. Go Bears!!
Some teachers are amazing. The academic advisers do not care about you at all. We've had at least 3 incidences of rape and sexual assault this semester alone.
I heard nothing but good things before I came here. UCA was my first choice and I'm extremely excited to be a bear here.
Moving from a small town to UCA, Conway is great. There are tons of different places to go off campus and the campus itself is nice. Always social activities going on, especially at the residential colleges.
Good school and has something for everyone.
If you arent in a sorority or fraternity, its hard to find friends and theres literally nothing to do
