I really like UCA. There's tons of things to do in Conway! There's always events going on around campus. It's very easy to get involved on campus, too. We have Greek life, Student Government, and countless student organizations/clubs! My experience with professors has been great so far! It's a great school, but you have to put yourself out there!
I initially dreaded coming here because it is so close to home and not as prestigious as I desired it to be. Now that I am on campus I cannot imagine being anywhere else. There are so many opportunities and chances to be whoever you want to be. They really mean it when they say "Go here, go anywhere."
I came to UCA thinking I had found my dream school but I was definitely wrong. They make it look all good when you tour or visit but fail to notify you of the low quality wifi, poor campus resources and their money hungry advising center who is NO HELP!
Uca is a great choice. It seems large at first but, you realize that its like a small town. If your involved on campus you will know a majority of others who are also involved.
The internet provided by campus is awful, so get your own hot spot and take it with you everywhere. Other than that, UCA is truly amazing. Advising center has its' downsides, but overall they work with you (if you're willing) and can help get you on the right track. Almost all of the professors on campus are great and care about their students.
Overall, I love my school!
The campus is pretty but some of the buildings need updated. The food can either be gross or okay depending on what you are eating. Most of the professors are great but you will probably have one a semester you cannot stand.
Beautiful campus. Everything is in walking distance. Internet connection is decent. Food is hit or miss. Clubs are great. It is, however, the sexual assault college capital of Arkansas, so if you're female, be careful. Otherwise, it's a great university.
I love it here and find the campus very beautiful
Uca is pretty nice idk why the internet ratings are so low they probably don't live in the dorms and are always walking around which explains why they would put 1 because they're bouncing from 1 router to another it's actually pretty good
UCA is a great affordable campus with professors who truly care for you!
i love UCA!!!
Beautiful campus and great location, so never too far away from home. Tons of clubs to join and a 17:1 student teacher ratio, so you'll always have one on one time with professors if needed!
The cafeteria food, internet, and lack of parking anywhere near your dorm are the main issues.
Internet Crashes alot!!
its a beautiful campus. it isn't to big or to small. the people are lovely and everyone is always so kind. the parties are awesome,and the greek life is amazing
This campus seems great until you actually come here and live. Freshman dorms are horrible and disgusting. I'm very disappointed in this campus overall.
Beautiful campus in a safe city!
GO BEARS! I absolutely love it here and have found home in this school.
parking is awful but overall great school and great science dept!!
The vegan/ vegetarian meals in the cafeteria are amazing! Even better than the main dishes!
Pretty Campus. Mild weather. Friendly town and cheap living costs. Dry County. Bicycle friendly town. Really safe. Lots of Baptists. Nice local coffee shops and restaurants. 5 or 6 full-service bars around. The business college is mostly taught by Pearson and Cengage products. The Econ and MIS degrees are decent, but all the others are outdated.
I love the campus, location, and professors!
Greek life is big on this campus and is well respected.
Its a great campus with a lot to do and choose from. However they need more parking opportunities, and more food options. The cafeteria is ok, but they always serve the same 5 things. I also think they could use more professors. I have trouble getting into a lot of my required classes for both my major and core classes. Otherwise, it's pretty okay!
Overall I had a great experience while I attended school there.
I considered going to University of Arkansas and I am so glad I didn't.
The best university in the state of Arkansas
Great variety of people everywhere, and I love it!
Overall, good... considering its in Arkansas. Conway is a nice city close to Little Rock with lots of food and shopping options, but not much to do besides party at someones apartment, eat, or go to the movies. Good scholarship opportunities and mostly the professors care about their students. Christian Cafeteria is hit or miss.
The University of Central Arkansas is a really nice school with a beautiful campus.
Absolutely love UCA! So underrated in my opinion. Perfect size to build connections with professors, meet new people and find something to do. Wouldn't want to go to school anywhere else
its cool
The best school!
I really like it here and it is the place to be if you're a film major. They also have their own news channel and other jobs available on campus closely related to filming. Also their business school is on point some of the former students have even going on to start their own businesses.
UCA is a seriously underrated college in Arkansas. Its not as big as the University of Arkansas and thus feels more at home. Its 30 minutes away from Little Rock and is in Conway. UCA is generally safe and there is a police department on campus. There are many social clubs on campus, the food is alright, and the internet is bad at times.
If you're not interested in being in a sorority or frat, this school is not for you. I have a lot of friends that attended, and the only ones that stayed were the ones in Greek life. I transfered elsewhere, and UCA made it extremely difficult to do so smoothly, and others agreed. It honestly seems like they do not care about their students.
Really good school glad I chose to go here
Just been pretty bad since I started honestly. I wouldnt go here again if I could redo it.
UCA is a place where you feel welcome. All my teachers have been willing to help me and have even met me off campus to explain a concept or homework.
UCA has so many great major options and there is a place for everyone. All of the offices are easy to contact and every employee makes it easy to get to where you need to be. I might add that the campus is BEAUTIFUL!
Campus has a very good atmosphere, there's always something going on. People are nice and understanding. The professors and staff are amazing, with the occasional odd one out.
Loved it.
I love this school!!
Its always a hit or miss with a professor no matter what anyone says. There are definitely favorites whether its a club, fraternity/sorority, and even students. The faculty makes things way more difficult than they need to be. At the end of the day its a great campus with great career opportunities.
I graduated in 2018. UCA was a fairly welcoming campus and was pretty safe, and the cops there would be relatively speedy in letting people know via message or email if crimes occurred on-site. I never did Greek junk, focused on my studies, and made some good friends from coursework. Great for liberal arts and pretty nice for STEM fields! Go Bears!
This school is a quagmire. The financial aid is rightly reputable for being the WORST in the state. There is constant construction, yet they let many (if not most) of their amenities go with upkeep. If you're going to go thousands of dollars into debt, just go somewhere else.
Great and beautiful campus for sure, but it does have its flaws. The faculty are always a hit or miss. They make situations way harder than they need to be. They will send you back and forth between departments numerous times which can be VERY frustrating. All in all great location and you have to make the most of what you're given!
It's my first year and it was such a bad choice. It's too expensive if you don't have good scholarships, and I haven't made any friends since arriving on campus. There are spiders and bugs all over the dorm I was in, and a lot of classes are hard to pay attention to especially online. I hate it honestly, I loved my RA, and that's all really.
The Wi-Fi has crashed so many times, and one of my professors wouldn't let me retake an exam due to it. If you're gonna make everything online, why don't you have solutions to those kind of problems.
If you're coming from states like Texas or California, remember that Conway is a fairly small town with few things to do. Many of the reviews here are skewed because they are from Arkansas residents, Conway is a sizable city by their metric but it'll seem tiny and boring if you're from larger states. Especially problematic bc the parking is awful.
UCA is a great school with many opportunities to connect to a club and be social. Its a beautiful campus in a great location!
Just an amazing campus, it's spaced out and flat so you never feel too claustrophobic.
A very welcoming place!!!
Its a good school
