I love it here - everyone is so helpful and supportive!
they are changing there image to a bullshit hippie love fest. the slogan next year will actually be "OPEN MINDS" between holistic psych art therapy a president who is only in it o make money and control his students lives. DO not go to this school its a shit education from uninterested teachers who hate the school as much as the students
I was so disappointed about what Lesley had to offer. I transferred because Lesley is overpriced and filled with hippies who don't know what they are talking about. Good luck finding a job when a lot of your education isn't based on empirical research!
Lesley disappoints me. With the tuition so high , I expected so much more from this school, but it's giving me what I can get a a much cheaper school. If you aren't paying that much, or your rich, yeah go ahead and go to Lesley otherwise go somewhere cheaper. It is also not at all diverse. Not at all. Diversity is within the sports teams.
Very underrated! Great school in the heart of Cambridge!
I heard many rumors about laid back faculty, unexpected drills in courses, and very negligent academic support services, but went in anyway and regretted it after my first semester. So, if you hear a gossip about a mess in Lesley, great part of it is true. If you pay so much of so little, you are not smart at all. But if you are, do not go here!
I visited 10 school before LU thinking there was no school for me, but this school has everything. It's in the Boston Area so a lot of other students, great teachers, amazing students, & a lot of things to do. All the kids here want to make a difference & are supportive of each other. I love it. If you don't like this school it is just not for you.
Lesley can be great if you like a small school where everyone soon knows everyone. The classes dont seem to be to hard (yet- I am only 2 years in) and there are a lot of good professors. Plus, being in the greater boston area is just amazing. So many opportunities!
I am very happy with my decision to come here between the great environment and staff.
Perfect school for commuters!!
Lesley has good professors and GREAT academic support for students. The food sucks. The location is nice. Most of the dorms + buildings on the main campus are falling apart but UHALL is nice. If you are interested in straight men, you will find about 10 on campus. A top school for education, but look elsewhere if you are interested in other majors.
This is a great school in the classroom. The opportunities and resources are great. Socially? Forget it! Crazy boring!
The internships are really helpful. The school is clean. Good Open, Community.
It's a very small tight knit community. Everyone knows everyone here but the atmosphere is really nice and everyone is very accepting. The campus is really great! It's right in the middle of Cambridge and about 3 minutes outside of Boston.
This school is great if you've never fit in before
This school is where the "misfits" belong. It's half art school so you get a lot of kids here who are very unique. People here are friendly for the most part.
I'm a mental health counseling grad student and I have really mixed feelings about this program. Some of the prof's here wouldn't have been hired at my old community college! Quality of instruction and education isn't very high.  School is not as socially conscious in practice as it is on paper. Not much support resources for worki  grad students
I really love this school, although there are things that could be improved it is still great. The people here are all super nice and friendly, it is in a great area with so much do around all within walking distance.
Lesley is great for Art, Art Therapy, Expressive Arts Therapies, Holistic Psychology, Psychology,  Humanities, Environmental Science, and Education.... everything else is average. Food is hit or miss daily. I love the atmosphere and everyone is very nice. There are some cool activities going on if you get involved. Community service is huge.
Great school!
