Just about the worst school and campus that I have attended.  It's main campus is literally the top 3 floors of a shopping mall.  If the University of Pheonix had a campus, this would be it.  I have actually had a professor bold face lie to me about directions on a graded assignment.  When the professor actually assigned more work threatening gradu
hidden gem
The location is great and I've had some great art professors. But I would never recommend this school to anyone! The administration and support staff are less than helpful. They speak to students and parents rudely and are less than helpful. Appear ever so nice on orientation day but after that could care less about you just the money you pay.
Lesley is a great place if you've ever felt like you don't belong in High School. Everyone here is friendly and the faculty and staff care about you. The food differs at the two different dinning halls, one is far superior than the other. Being in Cambridge is great if you don't want to be right in Boston but want to have access to it easily.
It's a great school if you are looking to go into a specific occupation. It's in a great area, and they really want there students to graduate on time.
Lesley is the perfect fit for me but I understand why others might not like it here as much as I do.
I like it here
Lesley is great if you're a Lesley Kid. You love the environment and you want to teach or do any form of arts therapy or be an artist. You don't want to party. You want to have the cred of living in a city but you need the crunch of a granola school. You have a nose ring because its college and its time to debut your true indie self. Come on down.
It's a good school. There's a lot of kids here that cling to their specialness by any means possible and you have to be careful not to offend anyone. They take themselves too seriously, but the programs are awesome.
It's a cliquey school if you see it like that, but if you look for your own opportunities and aren't whiny about the fact that people can be weird, snobby, politically correct, indie, or shy, you'll have an excellent time here. Every single aspect of Lesley is only as good as you make it, and there's a massive amount of potential (esp. in programs)
Came here from a big state school. Absolutely love the location and people here. Classes are so specialized so you get to take exactly what you want. Internships are awesome and really prepare you. Big enough school but not huge, small enough that you know your professors and they know you. Great place.
There is always an activity going on somewhere on campus, and the food is better than most college food expectations.
Best school ever
If you are looking for a small group of like-minded individuals this might be the right environment for you. The school is geared for its classic majors (education&psychology). Campus life is negligible and most entertainment is 21+ or expensive. Theatre/music/sports are awful. Clubs have about 10 people each. Its high school for the alternative.
Lesley University is a great school overall. The education and educators are amazing  and very caring for the most part. The downsides are the food on campus and the mice that circulate White Hall (which is the same hall the Cafeteria is in) and the Student Center. The students are predominately Caucasian but there's other ethnic groups too.
Lesley University College of Art and Design has a beautiful new building with art galleries. They constantly have networking events, and a lot of good resources!
Lesley is very socially-conscious on the whole. Sports aren't really that important/celebrated here. Super duper liberal. It's great
LU is a somewhat small school but it's not hard to meet new people, especially from surrounding universities.  This school is 100% what you make it and has many opportunities, social and educational.  It is a very liberal/open-minded school which is important to keep in mind! It's VERY well known for its education program.
The food is bad on most days, public safety does almost nothing, but the students, staff, and faculty are all great! The location of the campus is prime! We are right by Harvard Square where there is always something to do, and a short T ride from the center of Boston. Anything you would want to get to is off a T stop and easily accessible.
Love Lesley
Super liberal school in a great area. Lesley could do more or the wellbeing and happiness of their students but overall going to Lesley is a good experience
Great school, great location in the heart of Cambridge; campus is beautiful in the spring and summer but tough in the winter with the snow. Courses are manageable and teachers really care. Some of the buildings need some work done as they are very old but overall the best bang for your buck with great, friendly, diverse students.
