try to keep you there as long as they can to get more money out of you. no one there knows what they are doing, advisors are the worst!
If you're in a wheelchair, it will be hard for you to get around.  Also, the staff at UL never know what they're talking about, as far as workers in different offices. You get sent in a million directions before you end up at the correct place.
The students are very friendly and the squirrels are not!
Everyone loves a Ragin' Cajun!!!! =)
I just love this school
You have to be on top of the administration especially when dealing with scholarships and admissions. Call often because they will forget! Other than that, good school.
GREAT
Stay on campus! It's the best way to meet people and get a great college experience.
Best school ever.
Really bad internet, teachers that do not want to teach. The campus is clean and pretty. Lots of smiling faces but not many willing to help (unless they have to.) Help yourself because the teachers sure won't.
Really bad internet, teachers that do not want to teach. The campus is clean and pretty. Lots of smiling faces but not many willing to help (unless they have to.) Help yourself because the teachers sure won't.
If you want a univerity with culture and and excellent curriculum UL is the school for you. Come and get some RAGIN" CAJUN spirit.
Great school for Computer Science and Biology majors. Computer Engg is also great, but other Engg departments are not so great. Job opportunities are not really exciting for Grad Students.
Beautiful campus and everyone is friendly. Love this school and would not want to go anywhere else. I looked at LSU and many of other colleges but ULL is by far a wonderful university.
The campus is beautiful and professors aren't bad. The student resources are incredible. Wifi is almost everywhere. There are several computer labs to do work. There are practice rooms for students learning instruments. Campus events every day.Even a newly renovated student gym. I'm not saying ULL is perfect, but I do love going to school here.
be ready to walk a lot
Great school in a great city. A lot a pride on campus and in the community along with a lot of great professors on campus make for an AMAZING college experience. Excellent decision to come to UL. Geaux Cajuns.
ULL is very good school. Regardless of what people say or think, I know that I will be getting a good education. The campus is absolutely gorgeous wiith changes being made throghout the year. Overall, it's a privilege tobe able to go here.
Great School.... Parking on campus is a pain!  Not feet/pocket book friendly!! Otherwise love it!
They are constantly remodeling and/or tearing down and rebuilding.  The buildings are nice and the school represents our southern heritage.  They have received many recognitions.  Parking is not convienent since the school is land locked with no place to grow.  You have to park and ride a bus to school.
The parties on and near campus can be a bit nonstop so try to focus. Also the housing for single students with children and/or married students is minimal at best and if you are not married and have children you cannot live as a family on campus at all even if you are both students and parents of the child/children.
Parking is out of the question.  This school is great in all other aspects.  Professors are very enlightening. Not too liberal and debates from professeurs contain little falacies.  I would want my kids to go here.
I think everyone needs to recognize that the Ragin' Cajuns are here to stay!
Becareful if you go here in regards to getting things done in the financial aid department. The students who work there know nothing in means of assistance and usually are not in the mood to help. Also, be prepared to run wild goose chases around campus searching for questions to different things.
If you have an issue, expect to visit multiple buildings to find your solution. Size of the campus is great. UL has a lot of room for improvement, but they are taking the steps they need to to make it a better school. I'm very happy that I attend UL.
Great place to go to school!
ULL is a great school overall. Don't care about social activities or any of that nonsense. I'm happy with the education I'm getting, which is what really matters. We have a few nationally ranked programs.
good
This school couldn't care less about its students. They offer parking in one parking lot and it's blocked off at least once a week for an event that's a different day more often than not. Course schedules are changed every semester and I've lost nearly 2 full semesters to course changes alone. I would leave this joke if I could afford to move.
I LOVE MY SCHOOL!! I live 90 minutes away and i feel like I'm at home here! Its such a comfortable environment and a beautiful campus. GEAUX CAJUNS
Love it!
It's a great school with a wonderful education program.
UL is great. Go Cajuns! Aiyee!
Great School. But you better buy rain boots because some parts of campus still flood on a bad day...I made that mistake and had soggy shoes all day.
The school does not possess nearly as many opportunities as I was lead to believe prior to attending.
ULL 4 LYFE!
I love it
It is a wonderful school. i am very glad I made the decision to go here.
This is not the school for me. There is too much focus on sports and not enough on academics. The professors here are at extremes varying in departments from either amazing to terrible. More students are failing classes because the professors cannot teach the material and a lot of freshmen are coming in scared because of what they've heard.
Great local school
The teachers are great. They try to accommodate you as best they can. For the most part, the students and staff are very friendly. The food isn't all that good but it's decent. The school spirit is amazing. The clubs around here are awesome too.
Amazing school, i couldn't think of a better school to be at.
THE SCHOOL IS OK.
over rated
I have visited many different Universities over the years through various organizations. The University of Louisiana is by far the leader in displaying the feeling of being part of a family.
Such a great school
I can honestly say that this school was the best decision I have made in my life. I LOVE IT! They treat you just like family, and they WANT you to get involved! GREAT school! Anybody who doesn't love this school is either boring or not involved!
Great school!! Couldn't be happier that I transferred here!
Such great school spirit! Love being a Ragin Cajun!
Great school if you are not a shy person. Friendly people everywhere and lots of festivals and things going on, on campus and in the city.
Love this school so much. The people and atmosphere on campus is awesome.
Clean and Ok school
Attend this school cause its close to hometown.  University still works on the "Old Boy System" So be prepared because it is the same old "Rajun Cajun"
One of the best schools in Louisiana. Meals could be a little better and construction could get annoying at times though. The Engineering department is one of the best departments on campus.
Great
I love UL and i think i am getting a great education, the campus is beautiful and Lafayette is a great city full of fun and very college student friendly, the only thing I can complain about is that i feel like unless you can pay to be in a fraternity or Sorority, or you are a miniority, it is so hard to get invloved in the student body.
The friendliest people on earth are in Lafayette, great proximity to New Orleans and Houston, great food, strong Greek life on campus, some great programs like nursing, engineering, etc.  The town of Lafayette is truly an amazing place to live and attend college!!
The only USA campus with a Cypress Tree Lake and live alligators in it.  Graduate students--sign up for a study carrell in the library. Cheap and cozy little private office space for just you!
Great school, so much unused potential.
I hate the parking!!!! You can't purchase parking permits which can be irritating. The buses are OKAY but it depends on the day and the time. The lines can be extremely long! Sometimes I don't get good reception on my phone....think its 's from too many students on campus "/  Same thing goes for the internet at times.
amazing school, lovely campus, the professors care a lot, and the swamp is wonderful!
The campus is large, but not too large so it is not overwhelming.  The professors are usually really nice and very helpful. Although it is known as a "party school" I personally think ULL has excellent academic programs and want the students to succeed.
Great school that is big but not "too big". The majority of the professors and staff here really care about their students and want them to succeed. I LOVE UL!
the school is great. the people here are great and friendly and fully excepting along with the teachers. i have not had any troube here what so ever.
ULL is a campus full of student life, but focuses heavily on rewarding academics! Love going here!
Favorite!
This school is amazing!
Lafayette is a college town, almost every establishment proudly supports the Cajuns. the professors are supportive and down to earth. there are some issues in the administrative areas, and we're in a construction phase right now so theres traffic, but solutions are readily offered. there's no place better in Louisiana!
Overall I would recommend anyone to ULL. However, the only true problems that I have endured is how the math department needs some new teachers and the computer science needs a true introduction to computer science. Many of the "so-called" introduction classes are NOT introductions at all. But, are more "if you know it good and if not oh, well.
From San Antonio, TX, didnt know a soul coming here. Now I cant go on campus without seeing a familiar face. Top 25 college and town and so many friendly people, new renovations coming soon and revered school on the rise. Great night life and wonderful combination of cultures GEUAX CAJUN!
lots of construction but student union will be done towards end of 2014 and quad is being improved.
It is amazing!!
I am a long way away from home on the west coast and I am still so happy that I decided to come to UL.
Love this school. Wouldn't wanna go anywhere else.
I received my bachelor's degree from this institution and am currently pursuing a master's degree.  I have been super happy with my educational experience and would highly recommend this university to my peers.
ULL is my grad school.  Such a change coming from a much larger school, LSU.  Not all changes are bad.  I am happy with my ULL experience and my decision to attend. :)
This school is absolutely amazing! The students and professors are always so kind and very helpful. I do not regret coming to UL!
Classes are packed. The faculty try to give help but have so many students they don't have time. No TA's to help you either. The buildings I'm in stink bad. stair cases are falling apart. buildings rund down.
I could really sit here and write you a story on why someone should never attend this school. Glad I came here long enough to know that my kids will be worthy of a school way better and more caring than UL Lafayette. School is basically falling apart and for the most part, my teachers from high school would put shame to all these professors.
nothim
Any current issues are being improved with the renovations. Lots of activities and social events on campus. Super fun football games and lots to do at night in Lafayette.
Terrible school for first-time-away-from-home students. No grocery in walking distance and all food on campus closes at 5pm. The internet is horrible. You have to struggle to get on a computer in the library and when you do you might have to wait 30min+ for the page to load! The on campus apartment walls are paper thin, you can hear everything!
I am very proud to attend ULL,I have a lot of pride in being a student here.
Not as good as it use to be. The students are not very well prepared.
Its a great school. Very cheap and worth every penny.
This is a great campus with plenty of fun activities for everyone. Most of the professors are here to help you in any way possible. This is a great university that will surely make you feel like you are at home.
What used to be a beautiful campus is now a construction site. they are trying to do too much too fast even if it will help our campus later on. We haven't had a union for almost 2 years and now we don't have a quad.It's really disappointing that that's how I remember by campus. Too many fees the master plan is a joke and so is the new transit fee.
Just make sure to get involved with a lot of things, and balance your social life and school work.
It's a great school
There is always a lot of construction going on and it seems like it will never be done before I graduate and the building most of my classes are suppose to be in (the visual arts) is in shambles. Also the parking situation SUCKS
The people aren't like high school. Most are nice and are genuinely there to learn. Also it's not a beauty contest, people wear what they want and don't care what you think. It's chill and very full of life. You don't see people moping around like you did in high school. They love being at school!
great school
GET INVOLVED TEAM UL
Construction work sucks.
Slow construction. Parking sucks. Terrible drainage, a little rain causes very deep puddles. Check the weather every morning, keep rain boots in your car, and an umbrella in your backpack. Gym clothes are pretty much the standard attire of everyone on campus
Its a Fantastic place!!
Awful. Don't go here unless you're broke. It's cheap; that's about it.
I'm transferring to LSU. If I graduate here, I won't get a job. Nobody outside the state of Louisiana has heard of ULL. Construction sucks, school is very unorganized.
Too many students. Too little of timely transportation. Too small desks and lecture classes (250+). Too small parking lots. This school is happy to take your money but doesn't offer much in return. Be careful how you problem solve situations, they love to give out tickets!!!
Construction has been pretty slow in the past but there's 'promises' it will be finished before the spring. Overall love this school and the people here. Downtown life is much  better than Baton Rouge.
parking is terrible, some buildings still use chalkboards but theres ongoing construction for two years, administration is not helpful,they're trying to grow too fast, give your money to lsu
I Love UL!!!
Just a great school
It's the perfect school. Not too big, but definitely not too small and everyone is so happy! There are plenty of things to do around the area and places to explore. It's just the place to be.
Not my first choice school. .. lots of foreign math professors... lots of work being done around campus though
They need to renovate the buildings and bring good food
Awesome!
Absolutely BEAUTIFUL campus. In my experience the professors try to truly help you out. They honestly care and try to do everything they can to help you pass, but you also have to do the work. If you put in the time and effort, not only will you get to know you're professors, but you will have a well rounded education.
If you are looking for a happy place to spend 4-6 years. University of Louisiana at Lafayette is the place to be. Hey lafayette is the happiest city in the United States! Come join our family, you won't regret it!
Under construction at the moment but will be even better when it's done
Lafayette is the place to be right now. It's up and coming and rated one of the happiest cities in America.
The culture is the absolute best, and the location is perfect for festivals and job opportunities!
The University is growing, so there is a lot of construction. For the most part, UL is a great school and has an amazing community. Lafayette is one of the best cities in the state and has an abundance of local flare.
ULL along with the city of Lafayette is one of the most unique communities in the country. From the people you meet to the food you eat, just about every aspect of the city and college is a great experience. A whole different world to people from outside the state and even people from Baton Rouge or New Orleans or anywhere else around Louisiana.
Love this school been here for several years! Constructions is bothersome but it will be worth it. The school has gotten better and better over the years and for the price you pay, you get a good college education and a second home in the great city of Lafayette!
Beautiful school, enthusiastic student body, feels like home... I just adore it.
Always dreamed of coming to this University! I love it!
UL isn't "all that" but its not a sucky school either. There is so much spirit and great things to do everyday.
There is a reason you go to UL and if your a current student you know what I'm talking about.
BEst Campus!!
Love the atmosphere here. Its great to just be here. Everyone is so supportive and nonjudgmental. Everyone fits in.
I love it here at this university, the atmosphere is awesome, so many great people.
Love the campus and the profs here are really nice and helpful for the most part. I enjoy being on campus because it is beautiful and there is always something going on or something to do in or out of class.
I like UL.
This school is the best option in the state considering tuition costs, quality of education, and social living as a whole!
Geaux Cajuns!
it's an amazing experience
I love UL.
Welcome to the heart of Cajun country! The food is great, the people are nice and hospitable and there is something to do every weekend in Lafayette AND on the ULL campus! Campus is very close to downtown! There are over 200 student organizations, great athletic programs and outstanding teachers! We hope you will join us and become a RAGIN' CAJUN!
Really horrible
I absolutely love UL! It's a great school, in a great area, with a ton to do! While they could probably do away with some of the professors and definitely some of the food, campus life is great! This is my 3rd year living on campus, and I have loved every minute of it. I would highly recommend UL to anyone!
The mechanical engineering program here is a joke. We don't have space in the class rooms to fit the students and the class sizes are unlimited. There are no teaching labs unless you want to become a machinist. People use to come to here instead of LSU because of class sizes and you had professors teaching the courses. Not anymore.
Love.
GO UL !!!
AYIEEER !!!
The engineering school is not what I expected. Very limited tech electives, the classes are packed and the professors don't have time to help us. I am taking the same class I had as a freshman now as a senior. They can't keep ther teachers. The labs suck. Few and in poor condition. Go somewhere else.
This school is wonderful. I love this place so much. It seems like I am truly home. Everyone is so loving.
The class sizes - especially in engineering classes are big. They let more people in the class than there are seats for us. We still cant get in the classes because they are full. Very limited tech electives and they are totally lame. I want design classes and there aren't any. Will go to grad school somewhere else. Go here if no other choice.
I go here and. This place is amazing
I came here because of the Mini Baja and it turns out that we don't do it any more. Pretty lame. Tech electives here are useless.
As grad student in materials engineering I had to settle for Chem Engr. Few classes for me. The metals prof left last year and there is no one to take his place. There is to material science in the mech dept no good too. I go Texas AM.
I Love ULL
Absolutely in love with the engineering program here. It takes HARD work to get into your major specific classes, but it is worth it. The hard work will pay off and you meet amazing people along the away. The opportunities in Lafayette for engineers are endless. Consider engineering or nursing when coming to UL. If not, look elsewhere.
The Professors are usually great, staff is usually nice... EXCEPT FOR THE STUDENT WORKERS! Why!? That is the main issue. Most of the Student Workers are slow, lazy and will send you for loops trying to solve you finances and what not.   Other than that, the school is okay. Hell, I even work there. And no, I'm not lazy or slow.
great school  from drinking to campus to learning
1. Cheap tuition 2. Not much to seedo if you're from bigger cities 3. long bus line 4. really nice, friendly people 5. nearest grocery is 30 min by foot. 6. bad internet services in apt & library. 7. Nursing grades on a 7 point scale & don't round. Ex - 84.99 - C 8. Not that many opportunities like you would think. 9. teaching standards va
10 - decent food. 11-Financial aid dept  gates to HELL. 12- school spirits high for football games. 13- pay 3 different student union fees, but no student union for 3 years. 14- cool swamp w alligators, but mostly unseen due to constructions. 15- Buildings falling apart. 16- boast good programs like STEM & nursing but some students don't agree
17- over a 13 of library computers are broken. 18- master plan is a joke. 19- legacy park apt are not worth 4000 per semester. 20- parking is a problem since we're landlock, but new garage is $250 per permit. 21- advisers can be wrong, it's up to you to make sure you get the right classes. 22- hard to break legacy apt lease.
23. system crashes at the end of every semester when grades are post, UL still haven't fixed that problem. 24. Overall an OK school.
the engineering program is messed up. classes are always full. electives are dumb. classes dont help you get a job anymore. you have to do a special project with a prof that will help you get noticed by local companies. most profs do not want to do these projects.    they got other stuff they do.  lots of cheating on tests.
Financial Aid sucks and is almost impossible to get help. The advisors are not thorough and almost made me take 2 classes i didn't need. The chairs are uncomfortable and if your heavy good luck finding a desk that fits. The air-condition needs serious work ; its ALWAYS HOT! No parking unless you have 600$ to throw on 1 semester worth. It floods too
