Been here almost 5 years on and off. UL has its good days and its bad days. Great campus.  Very diverse. Terrible on campus parking (as with pretty much any university) Overall, great professors (might not agree with them at all times but they are good at what they do). DO NOT LET THE PARTY SCENE INTERFERE WITH YOUR SCHOOL WORK.
love this school. it has its glitches. the honors program is weird, like I'm not even sure what really goes on with it. I know I am in the program and that is all. financial aid pulls through, not until real late in the semester which hurts my pocketbook. I love this place though and it feels like home.
Great people, campus, and teachers
More genuine School than LSU, with that said, the partying and women are harder to come by. Oil field keeps this city rolling with opportunity for jobs and growth. Great medium from your local school and the major Universities.
Great school. Lots of student organizations, however you got to put the effort in. Lots of top and competitive majors. (nursing) nice campus, has a swamp in the middle and just built a brand new union. From what i've seen students and staff very chill. Greek life is present and involved, good amount to choose from too. Located in party town.
Grew up knowing I'd attend UL. Best decision I've made thus far! I'm a political science major, and the professors for our department are very knowledgeable, involved, and care about each student in the program. Couldn't imagine being anywhere else!
You should check it out.
I knew growing up that I would one day go to ULL, and it was the right choice on soooo many levels. I love the people here (whether that be students, teachers, or staff), location, and of course the food. There's plenty of opportunities to be involved around campus if that's your sort of thing. Lots of school spirit and love for our Ragin' Cajuns!
UL is a fantastic school with great professors and a great learning environment.
I love this campus!
Love it here!
ULL's campus life is amazing - if you aren't making a ton of friends it's because you're trying to avoid making a ton of friends, everyone is so friendly! Also tailgating, going out, and other social events (pool parties, Mardi Gras, etc) are the best. I love UL!
Great school.  Everyone's friendly and the tuition is one of the lowest in the state, if not the country. The problem only comes in for us own-of-towners that have to live on-campus. That can get pretty pricey.
This is the best school in the world. I have no idea why anyone would go to Harvard, Yale, MIT, or GT when they could come here. One of the great things about ULL is that us locals can study Cajun culture, what we are surrounded by. It is amazing how this is the only school that has a Cajun twist to math, science, and engineering.
This is a very cheap school and it shows. You get what you pay for.
The engineering school here is for getting people jobs in the oil patch. Thats about it. That would be ok because we could work hard and break out on our own. With oil dropping our jobs are going down. The school packs student s in classes and the people teaching classes  have no time for students and cant teach stuff needed to get jobs. Thanks
This school has no respect for the people here. I've heard dean's dissing their department heads,  and the department heads dissing faculty, deans, and students  while talking in the halls.
Professors are mostly all polite and caring.
It's the happiest city in the world and this University is part of it!
blah all over. 4th best in la and it shows.
This is a top University in Louisiana,  and I think everyone should check it out!
Love it! It's big enough to meet new people but small enough to see familiar faces.
It's not all that here.  They make everything about their sports programs that are not all that either. Maybe it is because I was raised in this area but I expected more from this institution the way they publicise it.
Great school plenty of things to do. Professors are really nice mostly, and you get a solid education. The  only negative is the Wi-Fi other than that its a great school.
Really over hyped by the people here. Its ok if you dont have other options
It's home!
Best college atmosphere
great school! professors are, for the most part, very helpful. campus is super easy to figure out and has a Louisiana-esque charm to it. Wouldn't attend anywhere else.
Great school with a lot of different people. People are normally nice and good to be around. The campus, which is normally under some sort of construction, is pretty. The new student union is beautiful and the Quad is soon to be finished with construction.  Great school to attend!
The wifi is the worst thing on the campus......
I love ULL and there is no place I'd rather go to school.
Get this. The students who drive the buses and those in greek life get priority for scheduling classes. So if you about frat life and driving buses, this is your school. However, when you graduate, hopefully the oil fields booming,  because if not that degree you have doenst hold much weight if you plan on working anywhere outside of lafayette, la.
The campus is beautiful and extremely up to date! It is kind of unknown however,  I had never heard of it until they started sending me stuff my senior year of high school but it's sort of like a hidden treasure. Also the town is nice but there's a lot of traffic the only thing is that it's swarmed with south Louisiana natives. Great school tho!
UL is great. Mostly. Aside from the construction, which kind of sucks, but is improving campus, it's pretty nice. Plenty of places to hang out (it's right next to a park, too). Different places to eat. People are usually nice. But it can flood a lot. Main problem? Getting scholarships. It's a nightmare.
Engineering is loosing teachers faster than they hire them. They now only hire friends  and peolple from here so they wont leave. Poor teaching and classes are full. required classes canceled
Overall, I like the school; A LOT!
I love ULL! It's beautiful and also the students can turn up. It's just the right combination of small but big enough to have your own space. I love it here.
I started here in 2012. Overall the school is wonderful. Everyone is very helpful, especially the people in disability services. The school is slowly working on updating old buildings and the campus in general. The biggest downside is that the wifi isn't that great, but with over 16,000 students trying to access it, it's pretty decent.
There's no other place I would want to go to school at. Everyone is so nice and it's a great environment. Everyone is like family. You get a great education, and there are more than enough organizations to be a part of. I am definitely getting the full "college experience" and having the time of my life, while receiving an education. Go Cajuns!
I love everything about this campus from the classes to the diversity of people. It's just a great environment to be in.
just loved it!!!
It's honestly hard to say anything bad about the university, other than student workers.
Comparing the program I'm in to ones my friends are in at schools the same size but out of state - I wish I was out of state. This is pretty weak all over.
Engineering here has ha lot of labs where there are no experiments. I want hands on so I can learn. not fake experiments and not sitting in front of a old equipment that isnt used in industry anymore. Go to LSU or  UNO
Friendly locals, wonderful community events.
Like being in high school but more free time.
BEST PLACE ON EARTH!!!!
It is Awesome down here! The campus is beautiful and fun, and the people are too!
All around great campus!
I've visited several campuses all throughout high school and none of them compared to UL. This place is home to me! I've always felt this way. It is beautiful, there are several  things to do around here, and everyone is kind. There are tons or clubs and organizations to join. There is definitely something for everyone here. I love my school!
It's kind of bleh all around.
I didn't enjoy my time at LSU and opted to come back to my hometown of Lafayette, LA. ULL appeals to a large crowd with it's special small-town characteristics, despite being the fourth largest city in the state. The campus is precious, and the city is crawling with hipsters, which means there's good food and spots for photo shoots. Stop by today!
The campus has a good mix of locals and non locals.  Everyone is very helpful, friendly, and welcoming.  Your experience is what you make it.  Its your choice as to how involved you want to be.  The campus is freshly remodeled and beautiful, with the exception of a building or two.  I have truly found my home away from home.
Great school with great people
The programs here are strong and intensive, there's plenty to do around campus and town, and the people are friendly. The internet can be frustrating, the food is hit or miss, and some of the buildings are outdated, but these are the only real bad things. Overall, great school!
If you compare the programs and facilities at LSU to ULL you can see why LSU is recognized nationally and ULL is not.
I love it here. The people are great, and you aren't just a number to your professors. They genuinely care about you. There is always something to do to keep you busy, and not to mention the campus is beautiful.
The buildings smell real bad. The halls are dirty and the stairs are falling apart.
UL Lafayette is not really a bad and great school. I will just say it is average. I like it here but if I ever get the opportunity to leave to a far greater school, I will definitely go.
The best part about UL is that it is in Lafayette. The city is really what makes it. They have done a lot of renovations on the campus and that definitely improved it. Most of the professors have a passion for what they are teaching.
If there was a 10 for food, this school would earn it. The choices are plentiful and convenient, healthy if you want it, and not just fast food. Coffee shops are spaced around campus for nearby caffeine at all places. Beautiful campus with trees, benches, grassy areas and modern art installations. Best choice I've ever made is going here.
I love ULL for the most part, but some of the professors are sub-par. The campus is absolutely beautiful though, as well as the people on it. I mean, holy moly.
Love UL wish they had more food options on campus and a better greek system
I love UL I always will. I wish they would not send you around in circles but there has to be a flaw somewhere right?
UL has so many opportunities for its students. The large campus feels more like a small community. Our campus is very diverse and open to all people. This family-like atmosphere, I believe, is the key to our student's success. I will forever love my Ragin' Cajuns, as well as all this university has done for me. Aiyee!
UL is not how it use to be. This is not considered a party school. Freshmen year will always be fun for you because its a new environment. After your freshmen year its down to business. The campus is easy to understand. Spring semesters are normally slow. The food isn't all that. Overall I enjoy the university.
I didn't even wanna go here but I actually have grown to like it. The campus improves each year as our tuition steadily  increases. All the best bars and night clubs are within walking distance to campus. There are several fast food spots on the perimeter of the campus but actual on campus dining is wretched. Overall a cool place.
Honestly not bad of a campus, and there are always opportunities to get free shirts. 8/10 Would Reccomend
No Thanks!
The best part of UL is that once I am done I can leave and not return.
Great campus and good people but if you live more than an hour away and wanna go home a lot, good luck. I travel 2 hours home every weekend and UL is far.
I love it here!  The staff and faculty are all nice. Louisiana is my home and I enjoy every second of its beauty and culture!
I'd pick this school again.
UL is definitely the best school ever. I love it here, I love the people here, and my professors are all extremely knowledgable. I am engaged in many activities. Great, beautiful campus.
UL is awesome. Not a day goes by when someone doesn't open the door for you and greet you with a smile. The campus is beatiful and filled with culture.
Literally love UL!!! It's s great school, the professors are great, the students are great, house keeping is great SOMETIMES
Feels like home on campus. You have to run around every where to get something done and parking situation is hectic. Takes forever to find an employee that knows how to do something the first time and the right way though. Would not go any wheres else!
If you want 4 more years of high school, this is the right place. TA's and instructors do most of the teaching and they have so much work they just give multiple choice tests  and easy As. They dont have time if you really want to learn and ask questions.
The university is amazing.
Love UL. Would suggest to anyone.
Love it here, but the bureaucracy of it all can be taxing at times. Housing and registration and many ESSENTIAL FUNCTIONS can be a total hassle because it's so badly organized. Once the semester gets going though, it gets a lot better.
They try to hard to compete with LSU. They focus more on making the campus look good than they do their students education. It is a pain to register classes, they raised our fees ridiculously to pay for fountains and other stuff we don't need (2 Union fees, why?)! Plus you can't park on campus and half the time it's a mile hike to get to the bus!
I love this place, besides from the average people who are out late and loud, it's very fun. Tons of things are put on my the school.
ULL has made some amazing improvements over the years. My only complaint is how the science departments get what seems like zero funding to better their buildings and resources. It's not quite fair if you ask me.
This is my second round at this school.  They went from being a party school that cared more about academics than looks, to trying way too hard to compete with LSU.  It's still a good school, but they could put that funds where they're needed:   the classrooms and studios.  There are good professors here, it's just the admin that needs a revamp.
Love this campus. I honestly thought I would hate it because I didn't want to live at home but it's honestly been one of the best choices I made. All the professors and heads of departments are really understanding when I need something changed because I work nights. Also, the swamp is my favorite part and it's absolutely beautiful!
I love UL! The campus is gorgeous to walk around and most of the staff and students are extremely nice.
Just got my bachelor's here after 5 years. UL is okay, but I think sometimes it is a bit overrated. You'll get a good education, but the campus is awful. There is always construction work going on. Terrible parking options. Streets run through the campus all around. The whole place floods when it rains. The administration cares more about football.
If you're smart and motivated, your opportunities are almost limitless here. There are a lot of great professors that really care about their students succeedingin their classes and in life after graduating. Lafayette is in the heart of Cajun country and has a fantastic culture that, if you embrace it, will welcome you like family.
Faculty here are pretty unhappy but they try to shield the students from it. Basicly many of the are frustrated because the buildings are crummy and they dont get support from the school to do the things that are needed. They then get told to do more work that does not make sense for them because someone has some pet project.
Good teaching if you work hard and pick the right teacher. You can learn a lot.
Great school. Not the best in academic quality overall, but if you go for a specific major in say biology, engenieering, or nursing you will not be dissapointed.
I love this school and wouldnt change mind thought about where to go
A small big hearted community surrounds this University, stay grounded in your homegrown values, there are those on campus that would eat you alive and feed you to the alligators in the campus pond!
If you are shooting for engineering, computer science (nationally ranked), nursing, or I guess most science majors, definitely consider ULL. I've learned that it's up to you to find the opportunities to excel/succeed. If you work hard enough, you will stand out and find everything you need.
There are a lot of great thinkers on campus, but they're largely self-educated. Most of my classes were extremely boring. Grades were more dependent on completing assignments than demonstrating mastery of the concepts. The exceptions were Son Do's chemistry class, Beth Borel's problem-solving class, Glenn Oubre's calculus class, and Dr. Anderson's
Great Campus
ULL is filled with some of the most accepting people ever! I suggest all freshman attend SOUL Camp and join as many clubs and organizations and possible. The professors, overall, are nice, the campus is constantly growing, and the environment is soooo diverse! My first year here is amazing. Welcome home, fellow Ragin Cajun!
Best decision I ever made was coming to UL. I really suggest going to SOUL camp and getting as involved as you can. Everyone on campus is amazing and the teachers really care. Lafayette is a great city with SO much to do. I truly love this school.
Beautiful campus, good professors. Can be hard to schedule classes, especially for freshmen, since classes fill up quickly. Dorms are also extremely nice. I personally like the cafeteria food.
Not too big that you feel overwhelmed or lost, and not too small that you feel smothered . The University of Louisiana at Lafayette is one of the best universities in the south. The faculty and staff are very helpful and the campus is absolutely beautiful! GO CAJUNS!!!
I Love ULL! Go Cajuns!
Meh, im from California and got a Full-Ride to come here, not bad considering im an engineer, but a lot of people here are closed minded, the campus claims to be "diverse", but it isnt, the classes are mediocre and not challenging at all, just like everywhere, some people are cool and some suck. Personally i think i should have just went to USC
Love the school!
Probably one of the better schools in Louisiana but lol that's not saying too much.
I'm not in engineering or nursing, and I still love the school! I've met so many close friends in my major, and found my classes to be very interesting. Although some departments have overall mediocre teachers, most of the professors I've encountered really work hard to  provide a wonderful learning environment.
Great college with great students and staff.
Great School, Campus is Beautiful, Not too big, Staff for the most part is friendly and students here are more accepting of people.
LOVE IT HERE. I am from Lafayette, but I do not feel like I am in Lafayette when I am at UL! It is the perfect mix of big and large for me. Very easy to get across campus. Parking is terrible, but what university isn't? I had planned to go to LSU after a semester here, but thank God I am not! GO GREEK IF YOU COME HERE!! BEST DECISION EVERRRRRRRRRRR
Good. You can come. Chemical Engineering is very full of politics.
the university is so pretty and amazing. there is always something to do, you will never be bored.
When I was attending this University, it had already began its 'fall' into the unfortunate segregation of majors and often favored Nursing and Engineering students. Most of the money went to Football/Woman's Softball. Art was always bragged about as a special feature, but it wasn't really as respected as they claimed. Art Prof.'s even complained.
Great campus and really nice people. After all, it is in the happiest city in America! (: #GEAUXCAJUNS
its a good school
Wonderful school with lots of cajun spirit. Lots of traditions and many opportunities to learn about Louisiana's culture. (SOUL camp, Lagniappe Week, etc.) Lafayette is an amazing city with lots of good food and art everywhere you look! Perfect for the artist in you. This school helped me make friends that'll last a lifetime! Geaux Cajuns!
If you are Cajun and dont plan to  move away for a job and career its a good choice.  The oil patch is picking up so you might be ok. If you are looking for something bigger you might still be ok but you really have to work for it and then leave the area.
Really political. You are in or out based on who you know. Engineering is specially like that. Brown nose. It will make life better for you. Good place if you are from here and have connections.
You're forced to live on campus first year and the dorms are expensive but very nice! The on campus food isn't amazing but everything else in Lafayette is delicious! Cajuns know how to cook! So far I love the faculty but check out your professors first. Easy to graduate with honors
I love being a ragin cajun!
Love love love this campus, can't say bad things about it
I entered UL totally excited. I left after my first semester. Campus is beautiful, professors are alright. You are forced to take classes that do not matter/help you in any way (UNIV). The tuition + plus housing is totally over priced. $23K a year for crappy internet and biased profs? no thanks. Even with a 30 ACT, couldn't get it all paid for.
Love this school, food, and environment
Lafayette has a lot to offer from great food to live music and plenty of festivals. The locals are very nice people.
UL is a great school and is very unique in many ways. The engineering and nursing  programs are incredible and well respected. Lafayette is an amazing town and has alot of culture. Having been in school here for 4 years, i have had so many opportunities that i wouldnt have had otherwise
ABSOLUTELY LOVE UL. there are so many opportunities to get involved and i definitely recommend joining some club or organization. the greek life is awesome and through the greek organizations, you have so many connections for other opportunities. good food (were all about the food). wouldn't want to be in college anywhere else.
Not bad for a regional school. Definitely not "The University of Louisiana" so don't fall for that, It's ULL. Easy classes. Parking  is a living nightmare. The athletics are hyped but not actually exciting, Lafayette is laid back, cops aren't asses, bad traffic, downtown is unique, good food, and best of all, proximity to LSU for big game days!
I'm an Acadiana native so I grew up with the Ragin' Cajun spirit. I couldn't imagine going anywhere else. Many of my friends on campus are from out-of-state or even from other countries and they ADORE UL. Diversity/culture on campus help to contribute to the charm of the school. Granted, internet is horrible and so much can be fixed, but pros win.
The campus is nice, all classes are within 10 minute walking distance. Dorms are average, but the meal plan is terrible, food is rarely good and so you end up eating out often. Overall, good university for those who want the college experience without 30,000 people on campus with them.
I had an out-of-state scholarship that was suppose to cover everything except for $500, but over the summer they not only raised the out-of-state tuition but also the housing that I was going into, and all of this was after I had signed all my scholarship and housing contracts. I got a 36 on ACT, ended up taking out 11k in loans my first year...
LOve this school
Fabulous campus, friendly people, outstanding professors, and count on having a college experience like no other as a Ragin' Cajun!
Not all its hyped to be by the people here. LSU Engineering is much better!
Great school and very affordable!
We're the second biggest school in Louisiana we're not a small school by any means. There is always something to do in Lafayette social wise we have a good amount of bars in Downton Lafayette and you can expect a lot of people out on Friday and Saturday night. football and baseball are our 2 main sports ppl get excited for. Campus is really nice!
There's only a handful of professors at UL that can teach. That's all that matters to me.  Avoid if possible. (I'm a retired teacher now pursuing engineering degree). Also, tuition rises at least 10% every year, and plans are to continue that trend with no end in sight.  Thank God for free instruction on Youtube (so why am I paying UL?)
Proud to be a UL Lafayette Engineer!
OVEREXPENSIVE. Lets start with food- EH. Only time they actually have good food in the caf is when a school is visiting. Pizza, Pasta, Hamburgers, Salad, or Sandwiches 24:7. Parking Garages are sketchy. Elevators never work. Some teachers shouldn't be there- period. But Campus is beautiful. There's nice people. Help is available to anyone.
For a small town girl/guy, UL prob isn't you're best choice. ULL wasn't even in my options in HS. Only reason I came is cause I got a scholarship & I'm pretty broke so I took it. Not a fan of Lafayette, but they have a lot to do if you're into all that. I'm a MCHE major. Cum. 3.2 GPA Year 1."weed out classes" start next semester.  9/10 Profs r bad.
Its a little difficult dealing with facility, most of the base level math teachers are foreign, takes a long time for them to get back to you about anything.
Everyone is so sweet!
Can't be happier that I decided to go to UL Lafayette and NOT LSU :)
School is great!
I love UL! Classes are great, people are great, food is great. Everything is great
The school wasted money in a very direct way. BMW motorcycles for campus police and brand new administrator offices.
Don't get me wrong, UL is probably the best school in Louisiana. But if you are willing to go out of state, definitely consider it an option. However the people here are fantastic. The Computer Science program here is also the best in the state, which is why I came. Dorms are WAY TO OVERPRICED
It's alright
UL is a great school I definitely would not want to go to any other school in the state. If I could afford going out of state I definitely would. You get a good education here and everyone is friendly and fun. I love Lafayette but everyone is different. It is a very tight-knit and welcoming town. Honestly, college is what you make of it.
I love ULL! I am in my first semester here, and all of my professors have helped make the transition from high school-level work to college-work super smooth and easy. The students and the faculty are so friendly and open to everyone.
This campus gives off a homey vibe. The city it is in is not too small/ not too big. The dorms are very nice. You really get what you put in on this campus and there is so much to join.
Its a hard truth but anything in LA has to be done in comparison of LSU which is the biggest and best funded College in LA. There are many here that thy their best to give students here a good education but they can not compete with everything that LSU has. This includes classes, labs, teaching assistants, library, food, and location. Your choice
I have been given the chance to truly step back and compare my life at UL to other universities around the world (literally world, I spent a semester studying in France). UL Lafayette is extremely unique, charming, and amazing! There are always activities and opportunities to engage students. As long as you are open-minded you will never be bored!
ULL was the closest college to home, I had to go there. DONT, let this be your experience. Im graduating soon and I wish I would have got rain boots instead of scouring through St Mary and Rex, climbed Mt. Griffin and actually learned Spanish those 3 semesters, and visited my Professor offices. Embrace Ayiee! screaming Cajuns! ULL aint bad!
Being a psychology major, it's impossible to be both a parent and a good student. Want to take online classes? Not an option for this major. Commuting from home (which is 30-45 minutes away), don't even bother. I came to this school because it was the closest to home, but I wish I would have never stepped foot on this campus.
Financial department and such are horrible, and there's always problems with advising and getting into classes. The whole thing feels run by students. But probably not the worst place to go.
It's peaceful and I feel like I can be myself here. I love the amount of pride the campus has and Wear Red Fridays.
