Better than expected!
Theres some kind of event happening almost every day so you have lots of chances to meet people. Most of the faculty is nice & genually wants to help you pass. Lots of restaurants nearby & the cafeteria has good food too. Some of the facilities are older but there are new buildings that are beautifully designed.
taking an online class at this university and their website is always down and its really frustrating
This is an amazing school with amazing teachers. A big downsize is that they dont know how to handle serve weather changes. Every school in the parish and surrounding parishes could be closed down but not ours. Then, during the day theyll go on to cancel later classes. Hurricane or snow? Classes will still go on. Smh.
As a transfer student from the northeast here since 2015, ULL has left a sour taste in my mouth and I can't wait to go home. The Internet never works. If you aren't into Greek life or a church club good luck making friends. I've become sick from the food (usually undercooked) many times. The professors are mostly good, but overall stay away.
UL is amazing!!!!!
I walk into my engineering classes and they are huge (80+)! And there are not enough chairs for the students and no TAs. Class choice is limited. no electives that I want to take. very limited labs. very disappointed being here. Most profs are friendly if you talk to them.
I'm from here and would rather be at LSU. We pay for parking yet still get tickets for small things. The internet is slow, the food options are limited, and the only way to make friends is if you're religious, nerdy, or are into Greek life. The few times I see people and chat is when it's someone I knew before coming here. Electives are limited.
I love going to school at UL!! Of course, the Wifi and dining hall food could be better, but that's a common problem. It's a safe school with cops constantly on campus and a campus police station and emergency button stations all over campus. The campus is smaller and easy to get around and there are many new additions and remodels to the campus.
ULL is wonderful, except for the parking and transit department. Absolutely horrible and rude people. Campus is a great size and easy to navigate. Another problem is UL not being able to accommodate all students in their major classes, a lot of students have to put off graduating bc they are not able to get into major classes. Socially UL is great.
I transferred here from LSU, such a good decision. There is no place like Lafayette.
I LOVE UL. I think it's a very safe environment. Been here since fall 2013 and never had a problem. Teachers and staff are very friendly and cares about the students.
MATH DEPARTMENT IS HORRIBLE!!! TAKE YOUR MATH ELSEWHERE!
I started at the University of Louisiana at Lafayette in the Fall of 2016, and at first had trouble acclimating to the campus. I took a chance and then got involved with UL and fell in love. The campus is beautiful no matter where you are, the food is good depending on the location, and most of the professors care about the students.
I love UL. The internet may not be the best, the caf food may not be that great all the time, and the Union might be boring, but its the people that make this school so great. Lafayette is a great community to live in. So many great places to go and so many different people on campus. Best bang for your buck honestly
UL does have its perks but in all honesty I truly regret attending UL. The professors are okay dont really care about their students (not all but a good majority). The parking and transportation services are the most money hungry services on campus. Advising sucks and no internships or other opportunities are ever mentioned. Better off at ULM.
I really like UL! Lafayette is the cutest area ever make sure to take the time to go explore it! Its not to big of a campus and most buildings are updated. The financial aid department is horrible!! So make sure to stay on top of things. People can be cliquey so try joining clubs or Greek life.
Great large college with still the small town feel. Festivals throughout the year, which are free. So great for college students to save and have a good time to separate from the work load of college.
UL is the picture perfect place for you to further your studies and meet new people.
Okay so I love the campus and the area surrounding it! It really feels like home to me and that is rare. All the people Ive met have made me feel so welcome. I have signed up for at least 15 clubs and I am going through recruitment. All the sorority houses are amazing and I know its going to be super hard to pick
ULL is nice a campus with a bunch of nice people and the profs acutally want you to go to their office hours to help you.
I went to ULL for all four years of undergraduate and can safely say I regret it immensely. Unless you are coming for nursing or engineering, I would not recommend coming here. You are much better off spending your tuition money elsewhere.
Wannabe school to LSU. Reality is its a far cry from being that. Lafayette will always be small time town that is not amongst top 3 cities in the state of Louisiana.
This school is honestly my new home and I really love it on campus but there are flaws. Such as Legacy always having a robbery issue, the roads and concrete could look better. Besides that the campus has plenty of options for friends and SO. The culture and tradition is rich over there as well so if youre new youll learn a lot.
I love my ragin cajun
Overall a nice place
I would like to see more money put into the art college. There is no reason i should have to pay $100 + class fee ,on top of my tuition, and $200+ supplies for one single class. Some things like our resources should be more important to the school than other things i see money being put in to.
A bit overrated. Older campus could use a makeover. Also small time town. Have to drive to Baton Rouge or New Orleans social scene.
Lafayette be cool
Its a college you go to if you are from the surrounding areas and are on a limited budget. You get what you pay for which is a mediocre university in a small town that is unknown outside of the area. Its a degree for sure that saves a few dollars compared to a better known college someplace else. I guess its all depends on your expectations.
Big classes in little classrooms. I really regret coming here. I was told that I would get time to talk to faculty but they are too busy either teaching or doing research.
It's an okay school
You get what you pay for here. The professors are generally pretty good, but most classes proceed too slow and will leave you wanting. If you're a good student, spend the extra money and go to a place that will work at your pace. Don't make my mistake. That being said, it's pretty and the people are mostly friendly. Some of the food is good.
honestly i wish i went to another college (if i could afford it) (which i can barely afford this school)
Great school. My program has good technology and is highly rated. registration times are too stretched out.
good yes
Campus is beautiful in the fall, but that's about all UL has to offer. Tuition money being put towards a wanna-be LSU sports facility and field. Buildings are falling apart, ACs/Heaters rarely work, and they do anything they can to pocket a little extra money from you. Almost finished my undergrad, but wouldn't recommend UL to anyone! Not worth it!
The most average college out there really. Nothing too bad, and nothing too great either. People drive crazy in the area, so always watch when your walking. I've almost been hit countless times.
It has its pros and cons but I think it was definitely made to seem better than it really is.
It's what you make of it. If you come here with a good attitude, you'll flourish.
The professors aren't usually helpful. A lot of them are rude. There are no healthy food options. Tuition money is raised and is spent on sports. Parking cost $300 a semester. Classrooms are run down. Advising is useless. Can barely squeeze into good classes which is why so many are failing. Oh and everyone is the same. Go to LSU.
If you aren't in greek life, majoring in nursing or engineering, or play a sport, you don't matter.
Only came for a choir scholarship. Campus is nice. 99.9% of teachers are terrible. Teacher once said "if you ask questions we will make you look stupid so try to figure it out". It's EXTREMELY hard to get into classes. Tuition is too high for this school to have this many problems. I would transfer, but i'm not wasting the classes I paid for.
I am a duel enrollment student and I took two classes during the 2018 fall semester. I enjoyed my classes and it gave me a little taste of what college is going to be like. I aced all of my finals which makes my college GPA a solid 4.0. I am only on campus three times a week, but over all I like it .
ULL feels like home to me. Mostly everyone is so nice, and it feels like a Ragin Cajun family. It's definitely what you make it, though. I do suggest joining Greek Life, clubs, and organizations that suit you. The professors have been extremely understanding so far, but you do find a handful that are irrational. University Housing is excellent!
If you are a big city person , you wont like this town. They try hard to make this place feel like a big time college but its just not. If you are looking for smaller college in small town it may work for you. I was looking for more of a big time feel and was disappointed. I transferred to a big university and was much happier.
Wouldn't want to go to college anywhere besides here!
ULL is a rockin school with rockin people lol
USL is not so rockin
ULL is an AMAZING school with opportunities available for each student. Anyone here treats you like family and works one on one with you to make sure you're getting everything you need. It will become your second home. There are so many different resources to help with any problem you may encounter. It's not the biggest but it's by far the best!!!
I really enjoy the school but the lack of groups and engaging events doesn't entice me, if i could join a club with a reasonable time to meet up i would go to them more
It feels like 13th grade around here. I've been told that's just small town Lafayette. No getting around it.
UL is exactly what kind of a college you would expect to have in a moderate, growing city. It's not the highest quality college in Louisiana, but it isn't the lowest either. The faculty is decent most of the time, and the campus is beautiful.
I'm an older student (38); this is my second time around in college. I'm from NOLA where the two public universities are UNO and Southeastern; they are dry as a bone and have no culture to speak of: you go to school and go home. While UL is no LSU, it is a close 2nd. There's so much culture & class spirit. Get involved. Wish I were younger to enjoy
Its not Nola or BR so just know that going in and youll be fine. What youll get is a cost savings degree which is not half bad. When I was there my buddies and I always had to drive to Nola or BR to get our fix of a real city vibe and culture.
The campus has been remodeled and changed for a better experience. The professors are excellent. Overall great atmosphere.
Its ok but ULL was not first choice for most students here. Most would prefer to be someplace else if they could be. This place serves a purpose but at the end of the day its in Lafayette. Nuff said.
love love love UL. deserves so much more recognition. geaux cajuns!
The fees cost more than the Tuition.
Very quick to take the money and slower to give it back. Would have never been my first pick. It's the place you go if you can't go anywhere else.
cultures good but that's all
Physics department is decent, but not a large variety of research fields to get into, professors are pretty good though
ULL tries hard to be like a big university. Changed its name a few times and all. Prob should be University of Lafayette next time they change their name. Ha
I really love the atmosphere here.
Great school!
Uhhhh lets just say its no different than the other small state universities around the rest of Louisiana.
the school is very good depending on major. many people in my class already came with people from high school so it was very hard to meet people in the beginning. Promotion is terrible, if the club themselves do not promote you will not know. Football however is a big part. Almost everyone is like family, girls can be stuck up. Overall good school
UL is pretty good, some areas are a little worn down but overall a pretty good spot.
ULL feels like high school. There seems to be lots of students from small towns who are very childish and immature. Its both laughable and kinda sad all in the same if that makes any sense.
Pretty solid, despite it being a smaller campus
This is a great school. For a medium sized university it has many opportunities and a beautiful campus. I love it here.
I was an out of state student and realized that outside of SW Louisiana the school has zero reputation and virtually unknown. I was an athlete and fortunately went to a better known grad school which really helped me out. I mean ULL is ok and served a purpose but never realized until I got out that its reputation Is largely unknown. Good food. Lol
I love UL. Outside of Louisiana, it is fairly unknown, but that's a shame. The culture is unmatched and where else can you get thousands of pounds of boiled crawfish for an event or see an on campus swamp? No where. It's sort of unknown because of LSU being ridiculously popular, but it is still an amazing school that should not go unnoticed!
They need to work on advising
UL is a great school! there are so many opportunities and the students here are mostly nice. The advising needs work and the school needs more organization.
UL is in my opinion one of the best schools in the South! Couldn't say more about this school. I already forsee myself being very sad the day I graduate due to the amount of love I have for this school. Truly one of the best places on earth. Geaux Cajuns!
I absolutely love it here! I was scared at first, but I dont regret a thing!
Having visited other state universities, Louisiana was by far the best choice for me. Lafayette has a way of making you feel at home no mater where you're from.
ULL has no substance or history to its name. My uncle still calls it University of Southwestern LA. Thats the name that carries the most history with the university. Never understood why they cut ties with that name which meant they threw away their true history.
You will learn what you came for, but you're gonna be teaching yourself at least half of it. UL obviously cares more about almost anything than it does academics. Dumps all of its money into athletics and looking nice and then forgets that it has people paying thousands to learn. There is a curriculum you can follow, but you need to teach yourself
Really nice.
pretty good school
If you aren't from Louisiana you're going to hate it.
If you are not from Louisiana and have never lived there you will absolutely hate it, schools in Baton Rouge are a much better choice to go for out of state students. There were lots of shootings nearby campus and as an out of state student I felt unsafe there as the campus is literally smack dab in the middle of Lafayette.
You are better off going directly at LSU or to go to SLCC and then transfer to LSU. Wish I had done that.
