Good School
I love Lafayette, but my god does UL's management ruin that. Today I walked in the middle of an ice storm to the cafeteria because my car was frozen only to find out they wouldn't take my swipe and were asking for money. UL is constantly greedy and will take advantage of students. Management is awful, it took me two years to get transfer credits.
Very good place to enjoy doing research!
Lafayette is a great school. The classes aren't too hard if you know how to study for each professor. Unfortunately, because of the pandemic you do have to teach yourself a lot of the time, but most teachers want to help you pass and will provide extra material for you to study.
not caring for student metal health or side walks and floods
great food off campus
UL is easily one of the hidden gems of the country and Louisiana for that matter. I assure you, your education can be comparable to Harvard or better. Faculty has always stayed true to their open door policy as well. (go talk with them!) My only complaint, facilities need updating, not very easy to do as a public university. Forever a Ragin Cajun!
I wish my professors were more helpful. It was extremely difficult to get academic help.
The campus is nice and pretty and I have had noting but good professors so far. It is extremely hard to fit in if you do not fit in the mold of what your department expects, both teachers and students wise. It floods a lot but its Louisiana. Overall I'm happy with my education not the location and people.
UL is a get what you pay for school. The support system is pretty good, and you get the advantage of having smaller classes, which I prefer, due to the accessibility of instructors. The facilities are moderate and could use some more updated renovations. I wouldn't recommend on campus housing. Find nearby student living areas.
Be friendly yet aware and utilize all opportunities
Pretty campus but the professors arent the best
Parking spots are few. Building a little outdated.
The University of Louisiana at Lafayette is a great choice to continue your education!
I love going to ULL!The dorm life is excellent,food is great, the classes are excellent. Making freinds wont be a problem. theres something for everyone. definatly feel at home here. They have a good transportation system, and your able to feel safe with a campus police station. They are never short on oppertunites. I'll never regret coming to ULL.
