The best thing Schreiner University has going for it is its small size, and that translates into getting to know most, if not all, the students in your class, and also developing a strong rapport with your professors.  Unfortunately, its size also means study aborad programs and classes often being cancelled if there is not enough student interest.
The faculty really try but they are always overloaded and are not provided the ad,inistrative support tha is needed to do a quality job. The adminstrators are a laughing stock. They give 50 minute speeches at events in which they say absolutely nothing.  It is embarrassing even to be there, god forbid that you've brought a date or a guest.
SU was not my first choice but I am glad that I ended up there. I left with the knowledge and skills necessary to succeed in my profession. Like any private institution, the cost is high but you the reward is a more personal college experience.
SU is a school committed to student success. There are multiple resources available for help in any academic area.  The professors are great, the campus is warm and inviting.  The SU community makes you feel at home and this is a great university to attend if you are intimidated by the size and frantic pace of larger universities.
It's a great school if you are okay with accepting the social life of living in a small town. This school is not for people who want to party all the time since for the most part it is a dry campus. The teachers are great and class size small. I love knowing everyone on campus but this type of campus is not for everyone
Campus is small so everyone knows everyone, unless you're a commuter.
Love it!!!!! I would recommend coming here, no doubt. It's a small University, but the professors are(normally) awesome!
Great campus, great financial aid, awesome tutors. Someone is always willing to help. Campus looks very nice. Everything is very clean and presentable. Most of the professors are very personable and eager to help you.
Schreiner is a really great place if you make the most of it.  Like most things you can't sit in your room and expect all the good things to come to you, you have to go out and explore a little.  If you actually try to get involved and put effort into your living at Schreiner its actually really fun.  Professors are awesome too!
Its a lot of fun
Do not attend if you plan on partying all through college. The professors are all nice and are willing to help students out a lot. Most give out their personal cell phone numbers. They have a good number of social events but you have to keep up with the calender and really put yourself out there. Small classes are the best! Strict no tobacco policy
