Graduated in 1989.  Loved the professors at Schreiner as well as the social life.  The studentteacher ratio is awesome. It was nice having professors that were available to talk to.  I learned to be independent, and to think for myself.  I learned to write essays and research papers properly, something high school doesn't really teach you to do.
If you enjoy the Texas Hill Country, this school is awesome. Attended UTSA, attended some smaller schools up north. I love this place. Hunt deer during fall. fish for bass and cats in the spring. The education's all right too
Class sizes are perfect so you have access to the professors if need be. Professors are all willing to help their students achieve their goals. The students are great. You hardly ever hear of any real controversy. It's a great learning environment.
I transferred by second semester. it was the worst choice of my life to go here. I transferred to UTSA and liked it a lot more.
Love this school, love this campus, love being a Mountaineer.
Schreiner's really done a lot for me. People might not realize it, but you're much more likely to get a job right out of school here than almost anywhere. The connections you make are invaluable and everyone, from the food staff to the president, care about you and want you to do well. I love being a Mountaineer.
Its a small  school but overall a good place to be
Very beautiful. Small campus and very pretty.
The Hill Country is great if you don't need a mall or big businesses around every corner.
Schreiner is a hidden gem.  All of the people here and all of my Instructors go out of their way to be helpful.  People are so positive and encouraging.  It's a beautiful campus and I love getting my education here.
Schreiner is absolutely amazing. The people hired here actually want to know who their students are. The staff knows who you are by name and you are counted for. You are not a number at this school you are a person. The beautiful scenery here is also an added bonus
Overall, Schreiner is pretty alright. I've had my ups and downs here, but I can say it's been a decent 3.5 years. If you're not about people being all up in your business, don't come here. Everyone knows everybody, and even if you keep things lowkey, someone somewhere will have something to say about you, even if it's not true.
The school is "meh," as far as I'm concerned. What you really need to think about is the other students-- I've never met more gossipy, privileged, or immature students anywhere. This school is basically high school all over again, as far as they're concerned. I wouldn't recommend this school to anyone. Transfers beware-- you're in for culture shock
Love it here
Great school and beautiful campus. Everyone cares about you, and it's easy to find support for anything you need.
Love it here. If you're looking for a small school I can't think of a better one. However if you want parties, clubs, and typical college town activities this isn't the place. It can be boring here, but that suits some people.
Schreiner is okay I guess, the professors are honestly (for the most part) rude and never respond to emails. There is a lot of miscommunication on the campus and its overall very frustrating. The students here are also VERY clique-y. It's overall not what they present it to be, and if it weren't for the scholarship I received I'd transfer to A&M.
Schreiner is exactly the same feel as highschool, lots of cliques and gossiping. There is nothing to do in the town, so don't come here expecting a nightlife. Schreiner will brag about aspects of this school but they don't turn out to be true. You're going to want to transfer but it isn't easy, because the credits are weird and don't transfer.
