It really is a wonderful school, and it gets a bad rap, especially from people in WV.  I am so glad I made the choice to come here, even if I hated it to begin with.  It's close to home, I haven't had too many bad professors, and I feel like I'm part of a little community.  It does have its problems, but overall it's good.
Everyone is friendly and campus if very compact, so you dont have 5 miles to walk in between classes! I Love MARSHALL!
It's a great school if you came from WV or out of the bible belt. The area is not very welcoming of different cultures. The nightlife is extremely dangerous around campus and there are drugs everywhere. The university is nearly inaccessible when it snows if you live off campus. Majority of the professors are excellent.
Beautiful campus, definitely do not overlook this school!
The School is what you make of it
Nice small campus where any building is accessible in ten minutes. Very pretty, especially in summer and fall. There's an obvious border where the city ends and campus starts, which is something I like.
Very helpful and friendly.
Area is not safe!!!!  An ok school, but a TERRIBLE, crime ridden, drug ridden, dirty town.  Think twice!!!
A large amount of the students are locals. They may not SPEAK highly of their hometown school, but as a local myself, I know that there really is a sense of pride at Marshall University. I would recommend it to anyone.
This is a semi-pro football team w/ a school attached. Students are raped w/fees. You are required to pay $300 a semester for rec. cent fees, then if you actually take a PE class and use it they charge an extra $100 for that class!! Teachers are sub-par. Some good, most not, and @ $600 bucks a class I expect at least comptency, which is lacking.
Most Profs. are horrible, outside of a very small and hard to find handfull. The Chem dept & Edu. dept need to be fired. They need to just start over. student fees are insane, mandatory 300 a semester for rec center. Classes are way too expensive considering the quality of Profs they have. Ivy league prices, community college quality.
If you are at in early classes the professors are terrible and do not care about you learning. They are just there to get there paycheck and get through their schooling.
the town is dirty and dangerous
We Are...Marshall!!!!!!!
BEWARE! Be sure you know what you want to do BEFORE you get here. My advisor was a complete JOKE and I had to go to the department chairperson more time then I would have liked! The campus is small and makes for easy commute, but parking can be a game sometimes! The new rec center is fantastic... I'd use it since you pay for it with TUITION MONEY!
My biggest complaint is the professors. They are terrible and half of them do not speak English. I sometimes feel they're out to make you fail.
It's awesome. Resources are easily accessible for homework and research assignments. Has the best library you could imagine. Professors are great.Over all, a fantastic school to attend!!!!
Marshall University is an amazing school. I do not regret attending it what so ever. Everything is clean and looks nice. For the most part, the staff are well trained to care for the students needs. WE ARE MARSHALL!
Go somewhere else if you want a variety of programs and classes.
Wonderful.
It is in the perfect position and proximity of everything you could possibly need. It's also an awesome campus to live on.
Marshall University has a beautiful campus with a small, quaint atmosphere - yet Huntington is big enough to experience a diversity of people and things to do.
I personally could not get any of the classes that I needed for my major. They are not offered or were already full by the time it was my time to sign up. No one is willing to help you unless you are a junior or senior and you have to travel all over campus to get any kind of answers about anything.
fun nightlife. go greek
Marshall's great! I had some concerns about going here instead of out of state but I don't have anything to complain about!  The campus is so nice, it feels like you aren't even in Huntington, and the other students are helpful if you get lost.  I'd definitely go here, especially if you can be in the honors college like me :)
It's a great school if you find your way to the best professors around.  The English and Political Science departments were two of the best I experienced, and standout professors include Dr. Kateryna Shray, Dr. George V. Davis and Dr. Jason Morrissette.  I had a wonderful time at Marshall and I think it might deserve a better reputation than it has
make sure you have someone here with you, or family close by. it gets very lonely at times.
At Marshall, the faculty cares about students.  You are not a number, as is the case at other schools.  I feel like I am a part of a family.  The campus is beautiful and compact.  Dorms are wonderful, especially The Commons and the first year dorms.  The REC center is fabulous.  The city gets a bad rap...mostly from WVU fans!
Marshall can't ever get their stuff together. Scheduling classes is a nightmare. Changing majors is even worse. If you can afford to go somewhere else, you probably should. You get what you pay- not a whole lot.
Do your homework, know what you need to do as far as classes to take and the direction you need to go,  There is very little help available are far as counseling.  Getting advice to what direction you need if very limited.  You may find yourself a senior with more hours to do because you had not been advized.
This school pulls the party line of being for the students and making the student "their first concern, the students come first", but in actuality the students aren;t the their concern, the net profit value that the potential student can bring financially to the institution is their MAIN priority.  There are better odds in Los Vegas on craps than f
Great campus, but it's in a bad location. School can be easy or tough, depending on the hours you take and the professors you have. There is alot of stuff to do if you like to ne involved. Overall, I would recommend MU to future college students who want a good education.
Marshall has plenty to offer if you are willing to step out and do something.
Marshall has plenty to offer if you are willing to step out and do something.
i loved it!
The professors here are good, but the staff is awful. If you have a problem, they really do not care and they will not help you or supply any information. I really regret my decision to go here.
Huntington is not a major metropolitan but there is plenty to do. The MU staff works hard to create evetns and opportunities and there is a wide array of things to be involved in. Professors generally care about students, but expect you to work. The staff also work very hard to make the University work for you from FA to Counseling to Career Planni
Close to home
It's not too big, not too small. The campus is gorgeous and it's in an awesome location.
Most of the professors are wonderful.  But the staff, advisors, deans, etc. will not help you with anything..
We're like a big family!
Beautiful campus and a lot of great teachers and opportunities coming out of college. However, there is almost nothing to do around campus and the staff at most student offices (financial aid,counselors) are beyond useless
Attend Marshall if it is your only practical option to get a degree. You will have some good classes, but more bad. Town is depressing and so is the education. School has bad leadership and that trickles down into the classroom. Twenty years ago this school was a good bang-for-the-buck, but now it is just a passable, inexpensive school.
Marshall is a great school. Most of my professors have been enthusiastic and dedicated to the success of their students. Sadly, the administration is awful and the area around campus can be pretty dangerous. They are trying to fix this and it's slowly progressing, but the wait is tough. I still recommend the great education that Marshall provides.
Love the color
Foods expensive, parking sucks, professors note very helpful or understanding. VERY unorganized.
Marshall is a wonderful school. I'm glad I chose to attend the university two years ago.
MU is great, but don't ever expect them to go out of their way to help a student. If it bothers them or involves paper work you had better not be in a hurry. Rule of thumb is the Professor is always right you're just a kid you don't know anything. There are a some kick ass teachers here but you gotta be able to put up with the crap ones too.
WE ARE!
Nice school
Marshall University has its ups and downs like every other college.  It's a good university.  The main problems with it though are that it's located in a state with the feel of a 3rd world country and there isn't much to do around off campus.  It can also give you the feeling of being homesick when you're hundreds of miles away from home.
its good
Wish there wasn't so much "red tape" to deal with for scholarships, grants, and filling out dependency/independency papers and the like... But nice campus, not too big or small. And the student center is pretty cool. I mean really, it has CHICK-FIL-A!!!! And the fries at the Harless dining hall. TO DIE FOR! New library is VERY good for studying!
Beautiful campus with great people!  You really feel like family here. Professors care about you and your education, can't say the same about the administration though. Usually stuff to do on campus and the dorms aren't too bad. The one downside is the area around campus can be dangerous. Other than that I'd high;y recommend Marshall!
They just keep raising tuition and dropping more students as they grow, Very difficult school to get through, graduation percentage is low and thats how they make their money. Selection of some courses forces you to take the worst professor IMO to keep them staffed and will not allow you to drop that course to get a refund without dropping the whol
Its very student oriented
Marshall University is a nice lowkey University. Not to much going on all the time, but enough for you to enjoy yourself.
THe Campus is beautiful! The teachers really seem to care about the success of their students and classes are small.
I have a terrible math professor and I need that class to be able to declare my major and she never has class threfore with her lack of dedication to her job I am going to fail the class and not be able to declare it and that will put me behind on my Spring semester and push my graduatuion date back.
They will enroll you in classes that are not required to get more money, they do the same thing for English and math placement tests. Go somewhere else.
Love it!
I miss it.
Excellent!
Smallish school. Professors OK but not great. I wish they had more majors and a bigger variety of classes. They also do not accept many transfer credits. I've been to much better schools and if I had the money I would leave in a heartbeat.
this is a good school and has history to go with it
The school has a nice campus, but the internet is absolutely aweful. It crashes no joke an average of 12 times a day. There are many fast food places around campus but the food in the dining halls arent good at all. Also, they have many poor professors. Many of them simply can't teach, or are foreign and you can't understand a word they say.
Marshall has its ups and downs like every college.  The main issue I have is that there's not much to do around campus in the city, plus the surrounding area gives it the feel of being in a 3rd-world country, so it can make you homesick.  Good professors are a hit and miss depending on your major.  Supports for students with Asperger's are superb.
Best school ever! Awesome instructors, awesome people! Great campus! Good price too!
Been here since 2010, and they keep improving the grounds and teaching standards yearly.
It's a great school with some older classrooms. Lots of pride and plenty of activities to choose from so there's never a dull moment! Absolutely love it here! I just wish all of the housing options were as nice as Commons or FYRH!
At this university if you are not an athlete or in Greek life, you cannot do anything on this campus in any groups. If you would like to hold a position on SGA, make sure you are Greek or you won't be elected. If you want to be a tour guide, make sure you are either an athlete or in a sorority because otherwise you don't know enough about Marshall.
Marshall was one of the best decision I could have ever made! I loved the campus, residence life is phenomenal. Best advice,get involved! You don't need to go greek to have a great time at Marshall,but as for politics they do run SGA. Being located in Huntington is the worst factor of Marshall,with crime growing Huntington just isn't a safe place.
Marshall is a great school but Huntington is not the best city to be in. Compared to Detroit there is lots of crime and drug use around here. However the campus is beautiful clean safe and easy to navigate. Also the professors really care about you and are enthused about what you have to sayask.
The campus is more than easy to navigate. I came from a small high school and was nervous about attending a University. However, the advisors are beyond helpful and I have adjusted very easily. There is also tons to do around here. From campus clubs to Pullman square you will always have something to do if you choose.
Marshall is a great school, but some things are just missing. There's not enough computers at all, and some don't even connect to the printer. Everything is pretty expensive too. Water is like $2.00 and food is also pretty expensive.
This school really helps you succeed. Because of the programs they have I have a job in my field even before I've graduated
Marshall is a wonderful university! The campus is well maintained, beautiful landscaping.  Lots of clubs and activities to get involved in. Dinning hall food is good.  Great college experience!
Its an alright place, friendly people and all. just not much to do around here, but thats what you get from  a small town.
I love Marshall!
It is an amazing college here at Marshall University.
LOVE marshall! Not too big yet not too small. You have tons of food variety surrounding and a Walmart, Gabes, several hospitals, Krogers, and even a mall within a decent distance! I couldn't see myself going to any other college. GO HERD!
I think that Marshall University is doing a good job of expanding and growing, but being enrolled during that process can be frustrating. If there were a rating I could give on parking I would give a 15. Construction has taken a big chunk of the parking both to build new buildings and to store construction equipment.
Great Campus!
There isn't much about Marshall University that I do like other than its close location to my home.
Its not much of a party scene. Every weekend, the kids go home so the campus do get a bit lonely. Football games are the livest!!
I absolutely love Marshall University!!! I am a distant student from Tennessee and I am proud to be a part of this college. Even in Tennessee the Marshall name is very respected and talked about quite often.  The advising team has been very helpful and it is very well organized I would definitely recommend this college to anyone!
Best In State school without any doubt
The campus is really nice and there are plenty of things to do. Not much as far as clubs unless you are into Greek life. From what I've seen of other schools during the year and on weekends, Marshall misses the true 'big college' feel a little bit, but it is also super-convenient size.  The campus is outstanding.
great school
Go Herd!
Love it
I love this school! SO many opportunities and so many people who are here to help you!
It's okay, but not a lot of opportunities and it seems like they'll screw you over any way possible.
Needs better internet and better cable tv services as well.
Marshall is great. I'm a journalism student and the program here is phenomenal. People are incredibly nice here; I love it.
Love this place!
Meh school
I really like it here.
I wouldn't want to go to any other school
Nice friendly school with good football
Beautiful campus, good professors, nice atmosphere.
classes aren't too hard. weather isn't very bad. people somewhat nice. small classes. food is ok, not too bad. Marshall really is a family, not just a school keep that in mind.
I love it here!! Huntington my not be huge but there are plenty of places to go. I love all the clubs here but you have to go check them out. Don't be a loner. Football team rocks. It's freezing in the winter
Would'nt go to school anywhere else. Love the size of the campus; not too big or small. The college of business has a great advising staff. I have no worry of finding a job after I graduate!
Marshall is a nice school with a history revolving around the Marshall Plane crash and is very much a part of the community. Watch "We Are Marshall" to understand. Professors for the most part are nice. The location is cool and the area is growing locally. Campus is clean and nice. I will kinda of miss the place. They do live in the shadow of WVU.
Love it here
Love the campus and classes!
Love the campus and the classes are great for freshman!
Nice Campus and a lot of great people to meet!
Its a great school. The history of the school is so well known and its a beloved school.
