Marshall is growing fast. Most of the facilities are new and new restaurants (Chipotle, Cookout, Sheetz, Firehouse Subs) are popping up rapidly.
We areMarshall!
Some of the worst food I've ever eaten in life. Quality classes are hit-and-miss-but-mostly-miss. Disappointing place, to say the least. I recommend looking at other options before you have to choose Marshall.
I love Marshall University. It's a great school. It isn't too big and it isn't too small and it isn't too spread out. The classes I've taken so far, the professors are helpful and professional. I would recommend this place to anyone who wants to get a good education without breaking the bank and being in huge classes where you're just a number.
Financial Aid office is virtually garbage. About only negative thing I can say for right now.
The professors are nice and campus itself is okay, but the administration is terrible and Huntington is terrible place to be. MU bills itself as #BestDecisionEver but don't fall for itonce you get here nobody wants to do their job and everything is decrepit. Turn back while you can!
Marshall sucks. There is no good reason to go here.
Marshall does not have much opportunity for real academic growth in the sciences. Our medical school is good, pharmacy school is good, and we have the biotech center. However, being an undergrad science major here is terrible unless you are a chemistry major. Research opportunities are limited at best, and most students go to class then go home.
I really enjoyed being at Marshall and I usually had great professors. Loved the library. The one thing I did not like about MU was the location. Granted, Huntington had improved some before I moved back to VA in Dec 2014 so take that as you will. But, the faculty in the offices of bursar and financial aid were always rude.
Marshall's staff is useless. Classes are okay but administration is horrible. If a problem occurs a student is sent from office to office trying to fix it. Most offices blame other offices. Students aren't notified of any problems until last minute. There are very few helpful people in the staff.
I like it here a lot. I transferred here and have seen what a crappy college is. Marshall is certainly not under that category. Good eating around campus if you don't want to eat on it. I've had nothing but good experiences with staff upon arrival, and I started in January 2012. I'll probably be here for grad school in about 8 months.
I like Marshall.
Faculty and staff are consistently rude and unhelpful. The hours for things make no sense and nothing is ever open. The residence halls are cheaply made with cardboard for walls but cost a ton. Overall, not a good place.
Marshall was my last choice.  I came here on impulse, and now you couldn't pay me to leave.  I've met so many great people, fell in love with my major, established a foundation for my career, and become a part of this fantastic community.  I love this school, it truly was the best decision ever.
I'm a MBA student and I live in Charleston. When I applied to the graduate school they made it seem like the whole MBA program could be completed at the South Charleston campus, and I quickly found out that was just not true. Each semester I had to travel to Huntington for at least one class, which was just not what I was expecting.
GREAT libraries Drinko is great for tech and space to work, new and clean Wish there were study rooms for individuals not just groups tho Great school but being in WV it gets a bad rap which means no jobs so the cycle cont Fix elevators add more lounge chairs w built in desk GET RID OF THOSE PLASTIC CLASS CHAIRS W WHEELS FROM SPACE! WE HATE THEM!
If you're not involved in campus activities, prepare to be bored.
The University drags you around campus looking for answers to questions each individual department should have the answer to before sending you back to where you started.  The very unhelpful advisers have no idea what the requirements are for each college.  This has been the worst experience I could imagine at a university level institution.
Marshall University is a wonderful school to obtain an education while engaging in many other great activities on a beautiful campus!
Beautiful campus
Marshall is a wonderful school that gives you all the advantages of a major state University while retaining a small college feel.   MU's greatest pluses are the people and campus that features a lot of new construction. Outstanding on campus housing, rec center and academic buildings that are easy to get to.   I loved my time at MU.
Marshall is a great school- small but not too small, great people, a personal experience, and beautiful campus with amazing professors. Love it here!!!
I love Marshall. Football games, student life.. everything is enjoyable. Our campus is beautiful and the history behind it makes me extremely proud to go here and be one of the Herd.
Fantastic school to attend, the night life is great and full of Greek life! There are so many things you can get involved in!
I love Marshall with a passion.
Worst university ever
It's a pretty small campus which is nice for the lazy or those that are often sprinting to class. Food options could be better though.
Good school yo
Marshall is a great school, I was iffy at first, but after my visit I was hooked! Marshall does a lot of free events and it is not too small or too big. An easy walk to class. Almost all of the professors I have had are awesome and there is plenty to do.
it is pretty good for the most part.
Beautiful, easily walkable campus. Growing school that has a bright future
Marshall University is a great college! It does not have a very large population which is completely okay with me, and it is just the right distance away from home.
Always have a good time on campus.  There are organizations for anything you could ever want and new organizations are always welcomed.  Very friendly staff and community for the most part!  I love it here and can't see myself at any other school.  Sometimes the school gets a bad rap from it students but they those kids usually don't like anything.
it can actually be a scary place at night depending on where you go.
Love it here!
Marshall University is absolutely wonderful and I couldn't image myself at any other school.
Marshall is the Best.
I'm having minor difficulties finding paid research work here. I get the feeling they expect my work for the experience, when I'd like the experience plus income. Food choices feel very limited, and the only place to get a cup of coffee is overpriced Starbucks. Not a lot of outdoors clubs, and girls rule the school. Overall though, I like it here.
Marshall is a great school! Marshall is not an Ivy League campus, but there are many opportunities available to students. If you are a high-achiever, this college has phenomenal scholarships. Marshall has a nationally ranked speech and debate team that also travels across the country. The people are friendly, and it is truly my home away from home!
Marshall University is a great place. I love being part of the Thundering Herd family because We Are a family here at Marshall.
The campus is good, it's probably the safest part of the city there is. Dining halls are utterly horrible unless you know how to work a good meal for yourself in.
I love it here. Not too big or too small, teachers are great and seem to care about the students. Campus is the right size as well.  I feel very comfortable and at home here, it allows me to flourish. Might not be for everyone but it is perfect for me, I will be honored to call it my Alma Mater
The only thing that I feel like is lacking with Marshall University is their technological issues and the IT department. My email rarely works, there's always something going wrong with it to where I cannot log on. Also, Marshall states that they are "Mac compatible" which is totally untrue.
For all the problems of Huntington, Marshall is pretty great!
I love MU- I've grown up around it. there are some professors to stay away from but others you will love. its honestly really fun
Good School, Good student body, Good clubs and stuff,  LOVE the Rec Center-  A huge gym, and all students get free access.  The town of Huntington is alright.  There's a few good places downtown, within 20 minutes walking, but it's no city.  Overall, academics are good.  Not great, not poor, just good.
Marshall University is an all around great college to attend. They have a lot of great opportunities though, very good at getting a shy person to come out of their shell. I love attending this university and they care a lot about a person's education.
I've lived in Huntington my whole life, so going to Marshall was a no brainer
The university is alright, it doesnt look bad and it doesnt good either. Just expected that they would have more research opportunities
This is such a terrible school.  I'm here for a Masters in Public Health- I haven't learned anything and they don't even accreditation yet.  The classes are ridiculous they basically have you go around and read from slides and that's it.  You have to learn everything thing on your own.  Also this town is dead, literally nothing fun to do here.
I love this school. The majority of the professors are fantastic and the social atomosphere is awesome! My friends and I go out every night almost and have a blast. Not to mention the campus is so beautiful.
I LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!
I love Marshall, I'm so glad I decided to come here being an in state kid. It is the best decision ever.
Love, Love, LOVE Marshall University
Out of state student that didn't know a single person at Marshall and it has honestly changed my life. I am in love with Marshall and everything about it! Go Herd!
So far I have been a student at Marshall for two years. The professors are so helpful and your fellow classmates are so nice. I haven't had a bad day and Marshall will always be a home to me.
Marshall University is sub par at best. They try to represent themselves as a school with its students' best interests at heart, but they are really only concerned about making money and pushing students through the system. I've had 1 good professor. Other than that, nothing but bad experiences. Choose somewhere else. I will be transferring soon.
Take the time to get to know all of the clubs and organizations that are offered on campus. Involving myself in Greek life was the best decision of my college career! Alpha Chi Omega!  There are so many opportunities and activities, I am never bored. Put yourself out there, it is worth it!  Best. Decision. Ever.
This school has a medium size student body (14,000), yet you see the same faces everyday, and a new face. There is so much to do as well with a ton a student organizations for everybody.
It's alright!!
Best Decision i've ever made. Beautiful campus. Feels more like a community than just a college
I absolutely love Marshall. My friends almost convinced me to go elsewhere, but I decided to take a step in the opposite direction and I could not be happier! Definitely 10/10! Love my school!
About what you would expect
Marshall University is not a bad school at all. However, Huntington is terrible.
The campus is really nice and its pretty easy to make friends here! Some places off campus, however, are a bit sketchy and homeless people follow you around asking for money on weekends. Other than that, GO HERD!
It's what you'd expect from a university. Good professors and a staple of the community. Speaking of the community, don't walk alone in Huntington at night. Campus at night is magical though.
The school is just OK. It's gotten better. People are cool and facilities are cool.
I love it here
Marshall has a beautiful campus. Athletes are respected more by faculty than faculty is respected (unfortunately). Several different degree opportunities and a lot of great professors. A lot of mediocre bars in the area to hang out at. Game days are off the charts during football season.
All I have to say is this really was my best decision ever GO HERD!!!!
Pretty nice.
It's really nice here!
its great if you are in a frat or sorority, but go somewhere else. Honestly, I regret transferring here, and I regret not going to a college that's more demanding.
Pick any school other than Marshall. The area is absolutely horrible, the crime rate is incredibly high. Administrators will pretend to care, but I assure you they do not. I have witnessed SEVERAL staff members bad mouthing students. Compassion and understanding is sorely lacking at this University. Also, they only seem to care about athletes.
Marshall is pretty sweet. However, some improvements can always be made!
Great school! Just don't go wondering around Huntington at night.
Best school in the state of WV.
Best. Decision. Ever.
Love how it is a small, yet big university.
campus can be pretty but only in spring wish there were more flowers and better grass its blotchy
Marshall is overall a good pick. Dining Hall food is pretty bad though, not very many healthy options. Huntington takes some adjusting to, but once you find the good parts of it the city isn't all that awful.
I've lived in Huntington my whole life and I couldn't wait to go to Marshall. I may be struggling as a student, but I wouldn't want to go to any other university.
Huntington is a terrible city with terrible people. Marshall is a good school just in a bad location.
Marshall is very close-knit community with wide range of organization such as greek life and student government. The campus is large enough to see a new face every day but small enough to see some body you know each day.
If you're a vegetarian, the meal options are kind of iffy. If you're a vegan and use the dining halls, you're definitely out of luck. Also, there's been a lot of crime around campus lately. You can  look up the news stories.
For the location and money, it's a good deal. MU has its faults, but don't they all?  There are a lot of clubs, wide variety of courses and professors, and plenty of opportunity. It's an open campus, meaning there's room to grow, a lot to explore, and great diversity. Definitely a good place for everyone. Don't venture too far after midnight.
Marshall University is a an overall great school. There is always something going on for students to get involved in, and many options for clubs, Greek life, intramurals, etc. The campus is the perfect size and really beautiful in the warmer months. Food is good, but can get repetitive. Great library, rec center, and dorm life.
Growing up in rural West Virginia, often if you didn't play sports in high school, you were forgotten. That isn't the case with Marshall. They strive to make everyone feel welcome. Being a commuter, from and hour away, they're also very helpful when it comes to scheduling classes. I would recommend Marshall to anyone.
Although while it is a good University. You have to be careful who you talk to on campus. There are some weird people here on campus such as  those people asking for money and in Social Greek Organizations that are the IFC and PHC. My advice to students is to stay away from the IFC Social Fraternities and PHC Social Sororities on campus.
Easy to get a degree, but if you really want to do anything with it you got to work hard.
its great
Marshall is a great school and Huntington itself is a great college town. Herd Pride is everywhere! As with any school, Marshall is what you make of it.
Marshall is a fantastic school. There are two big schools in WV: Marshall and WVU, so if you want to go to a big school in-state, your options are limited. I've met many great people during my years at Marshall and I've had some wonderful professors. I honestly think Marshall was my best decision ever.
Marshall is a great campus with kind professors and many events. Venturing off campus though my be unsafe.
Love Marshall. It's not over crowded. seems like a small school because you never see the actual 14 thousand that go here. cute campus and everything is in walking distance
A beautiful campus with very nice people. Don't go out on your own at night, and make sure to keep snacks in your room because the food gets old fast.
Food gets repetitive very quickly, not much variety at the dining halls. Safety on campus is fine but around/off campus is another story. Internet is really slow and buggy as well...
Overall, Marshall is a good school! Small campus-easy to get around- and there is an establishment of community here. People here are overall friendly, and nice- especially the students and staff members. Low key town, but has a cute charm to it. I honestly love it here, wouldn't go anywhere else if given the chance.
Very good hometown university. They need to fix their college of science and fire professors that are just carless if their students pass. Most don't care about anything and they just give a lecture and leave but there are always one or two that are good in every subject so make schedule fast. Other than that it is a great university.
