go herd
It just is kinda depressing but there is freedom which I like.
It is a wonderful campus with so many opportunities and amazing teachers.
The location is sketchy, kinda of scary at night. Not very many food options on campus and they all close down early. But there are a lot of options to eat in Huntington off campus. I have a hard time getting any of the staff to answer the phone and help when in need of it. Internet is slow and doesn't work alot of the time.
Marshall is an amazing school with many opportunities to expand your horizons. If you make an effort, you can get involved in so many awesome activities. Unfortunately Marshall is underfunded and has some issues due to that, but I honestly believe that they do the best they can with what they have. Also, the location is a little sketchy.
Very good university
GO HERD!!!!!
Marshall University has allowed me to excel to my full potential. Between the professors and the advisors, you can tell that your environment is setting you up to be successful. If you are looking for a D1 school, but don't want all the hustle and bustle. You cant find a better place than Marshall University.
Marshall University and Huntington are places that I've been accustomed too, since I've lived here all of my life. I still love it though!
Marshall University is a great school, and I have not once regretted my choice. It has a great downtown area that is walkable distance from the school with a nice theatre, shops, and places to eat. The campus is small enough to be able to leave your dorm 10 min till class, but not so small it feels cramped. Lots of ways to get involved.
Sure the location is not the best, but the opportunities here are endless and I wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
It's a nice area, very socially oriented with a close nit community
The faculty and staff are so welcoming. You truly feel like a family.
I mean it's eh i like it
i love it here. theres so many opportunities and i love how small this campus is. its student size is larger but the campus is compact. it feels more intimate and family like.
Great campus with mostly great professors. There are so many opportunities!
Love the school :)
I love the campus! It's flat and small enough to walk across from one end to the other in 15 minutes. Everyone here is nice and friendly, they really make you feel welcomed. Huntington itself has a bad reputation but as long as you're on campus you should be fine, just stay aware of surroundings.
I love Marshall! It just has its quirks.
I may be biased since I grew up in Huntington, but I love this school. I can't imagine going anywhere else.
At Marshall, you get the experience of a large & small university at the same time. Class sizes are nice & allow you to get to know your professor & classmates. The campus is small & easy to navigate; it takes me 5 minutes to get to class. Dorms are pretty nice. The food is usually good. The city gives it a bad reputation, but students love it here
I love it here. The people are amazing. I never want to leave.
The campus holds tradition and history to a very high standard, We are!!!!
The school is mostly fine. I was bullied by several faculty members in the humanities department (nearly all of the male faculty members). That department is like a zoo ran by people with personality disorders. The rest of the school is mostly fine. Not much to do outside of the university
Love Marshall!
If you are in need of accomodations and are in the college of science, proceed with caution. Marshalls Chemistry department in particular is infamous for failing to accomodate for disabled or HELP program students. Also take into account that Huntington is full of drug busts and shootings, and MUAlert does not reliably alert students of them.
Marshall University is a great university. I feel very safe on campus even of the evening and of the night when I have to walk alone. Professors and employees are very friendly and helpful. I loved living on campus.
Very nice atmosphere with extremely nice faculty. Only bad thing is how close Marshall is to Huntington's ghetto, but there isn't much that the school can really do about the city.
I love Marshall. So much to do, and so many options for anything and everything.
Gets a bad rep but is actually beautiful. I feel safe on campus, but I would be more cautious in the downtown area. Food is good but gets repetitive ... but just buy your own groceries and you should Be good. Overall a great community and everyone seems to be helpful.
Marshall isnt a bad school by no means, its just not special in any way. And its expensive for what youre getting.
I do not like attending Marshall. Thats all i gotta say about it. Horrible
Good school but tuition raises by a good percentage each year (3.5% this upcoming year)
Huntington isnt bad but dont live in a bubble. Social life/athletics are HUGE! FIRE salad bars & omelets! From local area BUT dorm life is a great experience-a freshie MUST! Combines big & small university vibes. Continually expanding/improving. Lots of scholarship opps. Have had a great 3.5 yrs @ MU w ppl/mems I will NEVER forget! Can be expensive
I do not regret going to Marshall. I love the Campus and faculty. The location of this school is a little unfortunate with the heroin crisis and crime. As long as you stay fairly close to campus it's not too bad. I would recommend this school.
Theres assignment drop box is archeic, and low budget. IT department is subpar & less than. Based on that alone i would not attend Marshall. For the money there are way better universities in a better town in way better states. West Virginia is a Very Very poor economically challfstates that has no industry what so ever to speak of, dont waste time
Drop box plateform is archeic and low budget. IT department is subpar
Amazing opportunities, great social environment, awesome downtown, great staff, Safety is the largest issue.
There's no 24/7 library, No services for adult learners and there's a random evangelist that harasses the students and preaches hate on campus grounds. I had some friends from out of town and they were also alarmed that they would allow him preaching hate on a small campus in a small city. Aside from the that the school is pretty fun and cute.
Just an Average college. If your gay, your scrutinized for everything.
Amazing school that I hadn't heard of until I applied. There is an amazing sense of community and I'm so happy to be one of the herd! The Sodexo food is not good though, be warned.
There are some concerns about the campus. For instance, there is a man who comes to campus who we call the preacher man and he screams about how we will be going to hell. If you don't take him seriously then it's kinda funny. Otherwise, the campus is pretty nice. I have had some issues which the university as readily resolved at my request.
I love Marshall. Aside from Huntington being a crappy area, the campus is anything but crappy. I've never felt unsafe or not welcome on campus.
Marshall is honestly kind of a joke. Tuition is constantly being raised and all we've gotten is an even crappier (and slowly remodeled) student center and a bunch of ugly M's around campus. I regret constantly coming here because of how cheated I've been. Only good to come out of it is the people I've met, that's it. The colors are cute though.
While on campus get involved with Greek life and clubs. Marshall is fantastic if you go out and make it fun. When you sit at home and don't get involved then you won't have fun. College is what you make it.
Marshall is what you make it.
Campus life isn't too good unless you make some friends. The campus needs a makeover and more things to do. Also, the food options are awful. Besides the bad dining hall, there is nothing but fast food. I highly recommend making your own food. The campus is safe though. I've never had any issues, and the campus police are always around.
Marshall is the best!!
Marshall University is a stellar campus with some of the best professors. As with anywhere, I think, people can be crazy, so using caution when alone never hurts. The security team there is top niche, food is pricey, but great, and the campus is full of opportunities. Im proud to be one of the Herd.
Marshall is in the Tri-state area, there are always things to do. Marshall gets a bad rep. for it is in Huntington, however, the campus is by far the safest place in Huntington.
Good school and nice location.
Loved Marshall. Miss it terribly.
love it here so glad a transferred
The campus is beautiful. My biggest complaint is that the campus is in a sketchy neighborhood. Huntington is dangerous, but if you stay on campus you will feel completely safe.
I'm in the engineering program and everyone within that program is amazing. Content difficulty is a different story but overall everyone is extremely nice. The campus is kept clean and there are plenty of places to study. If you want to go into engineering you should really think about Marshall. Sadly, there really isn't a lot to do off campus.
