Freshman year was amazing. After that, i was not impressed. Some academic departments are better than others. Choose your major carefully.
Not my top choice, but not a bad school overall.
It's miserable here at times, especially for those who come from places with things to do. There is no population and virtually nothing happening on campus at any given time. When there is, it's a recycled event that was not fun to begin with. This may be due to lack of funding.
A decent school. Depends on what you are majoring in.
For safety, I feel like the campus is the safest part of the town. Do not leave campus, especially at night.
Huntington is not a safe atmosphere. A lot of drug activity. The campus is beautiful and the staff are amazing. The staff want you to succeed and will help you the best they can. The local police need to work at cleaning up the area and the campus would thrive.
I love it here. You can find somewhere else where people are so nice.
good for a small town school
Everyone on campus is always happy and willing to help anyone. There is always something to do, you just gotta put yourself out there. Ive lived here my whole life so I do not think its dangerous. Campus is the safest part in the whole town, but if you leave it at night you just have to be alert and look like you know what you are doing.
very blah
Marshall was a wonderful place for me to get my degree!
Very unsafe area and no healthy food items to choose from. Very few options for classes
Seems that courses are made up and that you are being forced to take them. No real electives in some fields. I have already spoken to other Universities regarding courses they offer and this University is so frustrating just to get an elective in the field you are studying.
Unsafe area and no healthy food items.
Very unsafe area. No healthy food choices. Its learning concepts are diversity, gender, sexual orientation focused. Not really a University to study any other subjects. Its as if some classes are just weird made up classes by narcissistic instructors to only teach their ideas and force students to think like they do.
No healthy food choices at all. Cultural division here is insane.
Bursar does not release funds needed for supplies/books/and more until after first day of term. This forces you to buy extremely overpriced supplies from the bookstore on campus.
Huntington, West Virginia is nicknamed Little Detroit due to how much crime happens due to druggies in the area. Locals actually treat the druggies like heroes and give them a lot of benefits. Be careful because HIV, HEPATITIS and more is rampant here also.
No education is worth risking your life. Shootings near campus, speeding/racing cars while students cross the road. Ive been hear a little over a year and one student has already been killed crossing the street close to campus. They need to clean the town up so its safe for our kids.
I think that there is a lot of improvement that can be done here. One, healthier food in the student center. Two, encourage students to take responsibility for their grades. Three, smoothie bar is needed. Four, smoothie bar is needed. I enjoy it here. Seriously though - smoothie bar !
I am transferring my student out of this University. The campus is not only located in a very unsafe area but the area is overloaded with drugs and criminal activity. Students are forced to take exams that take hours if not days to complete. Too much stress for students taking full course load, not enough emphasis on core classes.
We have decided to relocate to a better University. Too much money being used on nonsense instead of academics and proper research. My son came here to study Anthropology but there is no anthropology department. They lied to us and he spent a year going for a degree that he will not be able to complete.
Go to a different university that cares about your education. This place ONLY cares about sports. They wont even put healthy food in the student center.
Its okay but could the area is extremely unsafe.
Very disappointed. Moving to a better school. It is hard not being able to eat right The atmosphere is really off. Sad/depressed students and not enough programs for decent degrees.
Best School!!!
It is very important to fully research the field of study you are interested in learning. The Biology department is amazing. Liberal arts does not offer much and really pushes sociology on people for some reason. Math department is outstanding and so on.
Think hard before choosing this University.
Its not a school for students wanting to actually work in the fields they study. You do not get a real education and even advisors will blatantly hold you back to a serious point.
Short walk to classes on campus. Consistent transportation is provided. Easy to understand building room locations. Terrible drivers that run red lights all the time and turn without looking so be cautious.
Concerned about my sons safety at this school. Been talking to former students and locals in the area. They like it but kept saying how bad the area is and the fact that it some professors have a false sense of being obnoxious and belittling to students.
Was putting my twins in this year but decided against it. They both want to major in Anthropology and we thought they had graduate school for it there. NOPE !!! Upon looking into classes to register them, we noticed the complete lack of any real anthropology courses.
Very interesting campus. I am going to try it out and see. Im a Science major and already have doubts. I was going to major in Something else but they do not have qualified instructors in that department.
it's pretty good. made some nice friends over the years and had plenty of job opportunity during and after schooling
I JUST found out that this University DOES NOT have any Anthropology grad students here. Completely wasted my time here and having to transfer out and start again. Apparently most of the classes I took will only be used for Sociology majors in my new school. I only took three anthropology classes that count at the new place. Watch out !!
This is a great starter school for people. It seems more like a community college though. Some departments lack any real focus where others are amazing. The professors that do an amazing job are mostly overlooked by other professors. They need to get fast food out of there and put in something better.
The real focus is first and second yr students living on campus. Nothing really happening for any others. Some clubs do not really do anything and are completely controlled by a couple of people. Needed courses for graduation are not taught regularly and leaves you hanging. Advisors do not really help and is more focused on extending your time.
First year here as a transfer student and Im already regretting my decision.
