It's amazing.
It's wonderful here!
Great school, friendly atmosphere in and out of the classrooms. Amazing campus and food.  J-M-U DUUUUUKES!
JMU is amazing.  So glad I picked this school over VA Tech!
I absolutely love this school. One of the best decisions of my life to come here.
If you come here be prepared to see the same person everywhere because there is little diversity. While the faculty is great the students are not, and seem only to care about their social life and getting drunk. The good aspects of JMU are overshadowed by immaturity of the student body. For me it has been Hell here and I can't wait to leave.
JMU is a great school for someone who wants to be well rounded. I am on my 5th major and 5th department, and I feel like all those departments are great. The campus is gorgeous and unique. We have amazing food too!
It may have been about education at one time, but the bulk of the student culture mainly values parties and alcohol. It is a pity, because there is great potential.
JMU is AMAZING!
JMU may be really spread out over a wide area with lots of students, but it's an overall excellent school worth considering for perspective students.
Everybody at JMU loves being at JMU. Not college. Not for partying. Not for the awesome people who go there. (Although all of those don't hurt) They love the school they're at and the great decision they made.
There is so much support here.  Many people are willing to give a helping hand.  Teachers here want you to succeed.
Best college in the country hands down, apply, enroll, live the best life out there during and after school.
Best School for the money
JMU = awesome.
Lets get real.  The school is OKAY if you are going for a quality education.  You don't really have to do anything but show up most of the time and cram to easily make Bs.  It seems like you have to work hard in high school and do pretty well on you SATs to get in and then once you are in you don't have to keep up the work.
JMU is a school for everything, we may not excel at in any one field, but we are good at everything we do.  Great food, great sports, awesome professors, beautiful campus, fun parties and clubs, and just an over all incredible community.  Its incredible the chances one has to learn both in and outside of the classroom.
Best school in the South East.
JMU is legit.
JMU is the best. I love it here. Everyone is friendly. As soon as you visit you will either fall in love or not like it so much.
Great School, Growing too fast, pretty girls, too many townies, Overall VERY happy with my 4 years
LOVE IT
JMU should not be known for having accessible parties, it should be known for the great people that attend here. Our culture is more diverse than it may seem, and I have found this after going here for over two years. We all have different goals but the community is so eager to help you find your dream job, and happiness in life! JMU DUKES!
Its the best
It's great here!!! Come to JMU!!!
Great parties & great education!
Its amazing!! Love it here!
This is a beautiful campus, where people are friendly and helpful. You can't visit this school without someone waiting to hold the door open for you!
J- M-.....U WISH YOU HAD A DUKE DOG. jmaddy's where it's at!
I know it's trite, but we really are more than just a party school.
I transferred here from a smaller in-state college. I couldn't be happier. If you're considering JMU, visit campus. Ask students how they like it. I can assure you there are very few schools around with a higher percentage of happy students.
JMU has a reputation as a "party school", but there are plenty of alternative "partying" activities that are SO much fun!  I've met so many interesting and inspiring people here!
LOVE LOVE LOVE everything except there is no wireless in the dorms, which sucks majorly
they are making many improvements. its great here
The JMU experience is something you have to experience.  Holding doors is a tradition that is taken seriously.  Amazing food, amazingly nice people, and there's a club for everything.  The teachers are nice and they care, just go see them in their office hours. About 70% from Virginia.  Moderate Greek scene.  I couldn't imagine being anywhere else!
It's amazing!!!!!!
pretty crazy party school, but there's so much else to do if you're not in to that. Great place.
Extremely difficult to get into classes, because they don't offer a huge selection of classes to match the growing student population. Instead of building a useless football stadium, JMU should spend more funds on expanding class selections.
I have attended 3 different VA universities and this one is by far the best in quality and most fun. I feel so lucky to go here. I love this school.
JMU is far from perfect, but it is a great school. For the most part - it's what you make out of it, so make sure to try to get as involved as possible!
awesome!
JMU is a great school. Faculty and stafff that I have dealt with are all friendly and helpful. Beautiful campus with a lot of opportunity to get involved. I made a wise decision in choosing JMU.
You can't go wrong with JMU. There is so much to offer, I don't even know where to begin. Beautiful campus and people, many course offerings/majors, and so many social events and opportunities to further your education. Best decision I've ever made.
The people here are awesome and very helpful.  Guys there are a lot of girls to choose from.
Everyone is so nice and welcoming. You feel apart of the JMU community right away
Better than UVA
Turned down Virginia Tech to go to JMU and I would do it again in a heartbeat! Great academics, great people, great nightlife and a beautiful campus filled with beautiful girls. How could I complain? The only bad day I've had at this school was the day I turned in my graduation application.
JMU IS THE BEST!!!! enough said.
Excellent choice!
it's amazing
JMU is the greatest
its the greatest place on earth!!!!!!!
I'm convinced that this is the friendliest campus in Virginia.
JMU is the BOMB!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
It is very large but also feels small depending on where you live on campus. Its the best I love it.
Dukes Baby!!! Nuff said, everyone who goes here never wants to leave... Have the best years of your life at the best school in VA .... J.M.U DUUUKKKEEESSSSSS
just a wonderful place to be, and everybody here is so happy.
School's wonderful.
This is the best school around. I love it so much and I would NEVER leave if I could!
J-M-U WISH YOU HAD A DUKE DOG.
Fantastic school. The people are incredibly nice. I never thought I was going to have this much fun in college :) Everyday is a new experience. Love it here.
PARTIES ARE CRAZY, FOOD IS DELISH...coming here was the best decision ever!
this is the greatest school ever, if you want to go to a school with great academics, amazing campus, great varsity and club sports, and an amazing social scene then go to jmu
have you seen the girls? for a school that is medium in size there seems to be a great ratio of hot to not. plus we beat tech...yeah no one forgot about that tech sorry.
Amazing school, amazing people, love it!!!!!
Perfect place for someone who wants a quality education and social experience.
JMU has some of the nicest people you will ever meet! They truly follow the saying "Work hard, play hard." Though they could use more guys. The campus is expanding, and the football team/environment is starting to become more of a big deal. The campus is beautiful and the food is amazing! Go Dukes!
If you feel a little uncertain on your first impression of JMU, don't worry. The school grows on you. JMU was my safety school, and I ended up going here. I came in with a bad attitude, but now I love it, and I can't see myself leaving. You will find your niche, and once you do, you'll discover the school's full potential!
I am in love with JMU! Everyone is so nice and the parties are like no other. Be prepared to academically work your butt off, but it's so worth it! Campus is gorgeous, people on campus is gorgeous, and the food is amazing! Look up the urban dictionary definition for JMU and it describes it perfectly.
The gates on school grounds have made it difficult for commuters, but other than that, accessibility is great. I wish the student body was more diverse.
awesome school. love every second of it. J-M-U. DUUUUUUUUUUUUKES
Love It.
i. love. this. school.
This school is incredible, great location, beautiful surrounding mountains and wonderful campus. for me (a male) its also incredible because of the student body, and the food is awesome, all the time. why wouldnt you want to come here?
JMU!
JMU is full of girls. most of which are friendly and good to talk with. You cant get food before 10am on the weekends. Professors from my experience are cool, want you to come in and talk to them out of class and are personable. So many people are willing to let random people into their parties. Makes for a friendly campus! oh, and its beautiful
JMU is amazing! I could not see myself going to any other school. Everyone here is so friendly and there's so much to do around campus. Bleed Purple. <3
BEST SCHOOL EVER.
BEST SCHOOL IN VIRGINIA!
Greatest school out there.
BEST SCHOOL EVER! Its my home, and I love it.
I knew I would enjoy my time at JMU but I never imagined the amount of self confidence and growth I would gain as well. I would never take back my decision to go to this amazing school.
I could not imagine going anywhere else :)JMU finds a way to make everyone feel like theyre at home
This was my first choice, & I'm glad i decided to attend this school!
This is the best college, in every respect.
<3
wonderful
JMU is a great place to learn, explore, and grow in the beautiful Blue Ridge Mountains.
JMU DUUUUUKES
I love JMU!
I don't know how other people view the school, but the perception I had was that JMU is a good university with a partying problem. The party scene at JMU is definitely prevalent. Some of the gen ed classes (GCOM, GWRIT) are really boring, but once you get to the core of what you're studying, it's a great school.
great
HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH
Coming to JMU was the best decision I ever made in my entire life.  There is never a dull moment, and you truly can do anything you set your mind to here.  The sky is the limit!
JMU is the place to be!!
JMU is a very excepting place. People generally care about your well-being. You will find a friend here if you look for one. There's may things to do you just need to get involved. The only thing I regret about my choice to come here is that it's a 9 hours drive from where I live so I don't get to go home to see my family as much as I'd like to.
I have no doubt in my mind that this is one of the best overall universities in the United States. Everyone here is happy, accepting, and engaged. The classes are challenging, yet fun. The teachers are absolutely out of this world. There are so many things to do on and off campus. Im never bored and never lonely here. I LOVE JMU!
I have fallen in absolute love with this school. Everyone is super friendly and its easy to find a place to fit in. I'm obsessed with the Greek community here and recommend that everyone rushes!! It's an exciting experience and you get to meet so many people. Awesome food, awesome parties, awesome people. What more could you want?? JMU DUUUUKES<3
love it here!!
JMU is an awesome place. Courses are interesting and challenging. The location is almost perfect; always something pretty and scenic to look at from ever corner of campus. The parties are out of this world; you won't find better parties at any other campus, hands down. Food is practically gourmet compared to other schools. (4th in the nation)
Great people-nice, fun, but are definitely there to learn. There is a lot of stuff to get involved with around campus. Great food. Great professors. However there isn't much to do in Harrisonburg, and it's very cold.
This school is amazing!
You're not going to find a better school that has balanced academics with a great social setting. Great decision coming here.
Wouldn't rather be anywhere else.  There's no place like JMU.  Guarantee you won't find nicer people anywhere else.  Great academics, great social aspect, amazing food, beautiful campus, and a TON of girls!  Being a JMU student will change your life.
Best decision i've ever made!
It is honestly the best school ever.
I transferred to JMU from a small communications school for more of a challenge.  While JMU is more academically challenging, some ways are not in the right ways. I've had a handful of good professors, but many do not care about the students & aren't very understanding. Also, often an 89.999 is a B+, not an A- are pretty common; no wiggle room.
LOVE JMU. But, there is a pretty uniform crowd. It's filled with people who absolutely love it, but like any school, JMU isn't perfect.  In general, JMU is a happy campus, which is great, however students who don't fit into the stereotype can often get lost in the mix. There are not many outlets for students who don't fit the learning styles here.
The best decision I've ever made.
great
It is incredible simply because the people are great!
JMU is an incredible school that has great professors, a beautiful campus, and a wonderful student body.  The best way that you can find this is by going and getting a tour! Your mind will be made up by the end of  it :)
The people are genuinly happy. Work hard play hard atmosphere.
Fine school with a great emphasis on teaching and pedagogy.  If only it were a bit closer to a city... ANY city!
best school ever. its absolutely perfect in every way. great people great food great experience!
The school is very nice and bring many opportunities to be involved,  just make sure to move out of the recidece halls after your freshman year
I LOVE JMU! Honestly it feels like home and that's the best part. Academics are very important to the students but that doesn't keep us from being extremely involved or having a fun time on the weekends! The professors care about the students for the most part and are willing to help if you make an effort! I would choice JMU over and over again!
Food and women are both tens!
Best place on earth!!
This school is absolutely amazing!! There are so many opportunities to get involved and have fun here it's impossible to not have a good time! Everyone is always so happy and the professors are great and want you to be successful! I coudn't see myself anywhere else!
You'll love it here! Everybody is nice and the campus is a really great, friendly and homey place to be. It really feels like a community and you'll feel welcome. Visit and see, but you won't be upset with your decision.
First and only college choice! Best decision ever! I absolutely love it here. Great food, great people, and a surprisingly rigorous academics for most majors. This place is filled with pretty blonde girls and tall athletic dark haired guys. The weather is AWESOME! This place is heaven!
This is a great school for business, teaching, and nursing. You should be careful of what professors you get just like at any other school. The police has gotten pretty bad in the past two years. I have enjoyed my time here, except for the past year where I've run into some disappointment from staff in general on campus.
simply amazing.
JMU provides an education nearly on par with the ivy leagues at a fraction of the cost
It's a great place to live with many opportunities to get involved. I loved it.
Great school with great social life and academic environment.
JMU is perfection.
This school is amazing. Everyone is nice and the girls are incredibly hot. The parties are a blast, and our business school was just ranked 11th in the country for public universities. Definitely come here if you want a fun time and a degree that employers will want!
I attended the ISAT program in the Science and Engineering School. After JMU I attended The George Washington University for a Masters in Information Systems Technology. The the GW program is really bad (seems unlikely) or the quality of my education at JMU was very high. I have peers from bigger name schools, and I don't feel at all subpar at all.
love it!
Great school, but if you aren't willing to make an effort you may miss out. Could use more integration with the surrounding community and a more accessible way for students to give feedback. Otherwise, the perfect place to make friends, learn, and live.
JMU has been the best decision of my life!
The parties are great!
solid academics, extremely friendly community (students & faculty), delicious food, beautiful women (& a lot of them).. all-around perfect college
JMU is known for being friendly and school-spirited and that's exactly right! Couldn't have made a better decision <3
Honestly so happy that I am attending James Madison University. Everything about this school is absolutely amazing and I wouldn't change it for the world!
The community of JMU and the people who attend here are what really makes JMU an amazing school and a great choice. No matter your background, involvement level, major, social skills, etc you will be accepted into JMU with open arms!
i love JMU
greatest place on earth
AMAZING
Great campus and VERY friendly people. Happiest campus on the East Coast
Attending JMU has been the best decision I have made my entire life. I can't imagine studying at a school that is not James Madison University.
Jmu is like Disney World with homework!
Beautiful campus, awesome food, wonderful professors, nice people, something for everyone. I absolutely love it here!
BEST SCHOOL EVER!!!! DISNEY WORLD OF COLLEGES!!!
Who wouldn't want to go here!??? Best school ever!
AMAZING SCHOOL.
JMU is the happiest place on Earth.
JMU is awesome!
The best part about JMU is that everyone here wants to be here!! There's a good balance between social and academic life.  I am so glad I choose JMU.
I was choosing between Virginia Tech, University of South Carolina, and JMU.  Now as a freshman I could not be happier with the choice I made!
This campus is gorgeous!  The school may be known as a party school but get ready to work extremely hard in your classes, they can be intense.
Greatest school there is! Go Dukes!
JMU is absolutely amazing. I originally didn't want to go here, but I am so incredibly happy to be here. It's beautiful, the people are fantastic, the classes are exactly what I hoped they would be, and the food is crazy good. Give the school a chance!
COME HERE IT'S LITERALLY LIKE HEAVEN ON EARTH!!
Perfect school. Wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
Overall JMU is a great school but if you're looking for diversity this is not the place.  The courses are definitely challenging but it help prepares you for the future.  The campus life is great and there are a lot of different organizations/activities to get involved with.
No complaints, all around my experience has been great so far.
The grounds are always immaculate. They reminded me of a fine country club. The buildings are beautiful architecturally and always clean. The food is fantastic - Quiznos and Chic-fil-a right on campus. Visit other campuses around VA and in surrounding states (which I have) and very few can be compared to JMU.
JMU is such a fun and exciting school. The surrounding area is beautiful, so if you love the outdoors, you'll love being in this part of Virginia. Our tradition is to hold doors open for people, and let me tell you we take this seriously and everyone does it!
This school has the best balance of socializing and school work. People here care about their education but also find time to get involved!
JMU has a great atmosphere and any person can find their fit here! I've never made a better decision as to attend JMU! I look forward to the rest of my semesters spent at JMU! GO DUKES!
JMU keeps getting better!
JMU is one of the best decisions of my life! For the first time in my academic career, I feel like I belong. Joining clubs and getting involved has helped a lot. The school offers so many options and there is always a lot of support. A+! :)
The people are incredibly friendly! It is a truly amazing community
I LOVE JMU! i'm so happy to be here! i thought being far away from home would affect me, but i'm genuinely happy with my decision to come here! everyone is so friendly and the campus is gorgeous and well maintained. i don't get how someone wouldn't fall in love with this campus
BEST SCHOOL EVER. If you're a snob, don't go here.
JMU is an amazing school. The campus, food, dorms, classes, professors, and social life are excellent. It can be a party school, but us students know how and when to get things done. Go Dukes!
Transferred here this year and couldn't be happier!
I WOULD NOT CHOOSE ANY OTHER SCHOOL IN THE WORLD. JMU has it all and I love it here. Dreading graduation in 2 years.
Such a great school
Love JMU! It's pretty and prestigious. The professors (for the most part) actually care about the students and are very good at what they do. The environment is great. Everywhere you go, there are nice people, people who will open doors for you (literally and metaphorically). So glad I decided to attend here.
Love this school, everyone and everything is absolutely perfect! So glade I choose it other some other nearby schools.
JMU is amazing. I got accepted to Virginia Tech and various other schools, but could not be happier with my decision to go to JMU. We open doors in more ways than you could imagine!
Best place in the world.
Absolutely wonderful school. Nothing to complain about. Teachers are great and there are a lot of opportunities to get involved in the surrounding community, and the school community as well.
Literally best school ever.
JMU is an amazing school!! Everyone is so welcoming and friendly there, I never want to graduate!
My goodness. I was so worried to go to college, but JMU has become my home and I am so glad I came! I actually recommend something to other people: not something I do frequently!
Greatest school ever!
Great place to get an education! Everyone here is very welcoming. Wish there were more clubs and social opportunities though.
Awesome.
JMU is an amazing place!!
Coming here was the best decision I ever made in my life, this school is awesome
Best place in the world. Wouldn't want to go anywhere else. Big campus, with a small campus feel.
COME TO JMU!
YASSS. JMU is an amazing school. Everyone is so nice and friendly. Everyone opens the door for everyone. The weekends are literally the best thing. The classes are classes. A LOT of school pride. GO DUKES!
I thought I was a partier in high school but I was wrong. If you don't drink this is not the place for you unless you join like ten clubs and have another friend who doesn't drink as much as well. I like it here just because I finally found my niche after two years. Freshman year sucks, if you get through that you'll survive.
The girls here are simply stunning!
JMU is beautiful and has great school spirit and great food and beautiful views
JMU is the best! Nicest people who go out of their way to make your day better, best food in the country, the hottest girls, chillest dudes, best professors, we have it all! Chillin on the quad or tailgating before a football game you will never be bored at this school, go dukes!
THE HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH!!!! GO DUKES!
Absolutely the best school and people in the world!!!! Combines rigorous and application-heavy academics with an overall uplifting and inspiring environment! Happiest people in the world alongside the #2 food and #1 fun! Best decision of my life and would never want to go anywhere else for undergrad! GO DUKES! :)
I go into a deep depression whenever I think that I will eventually have to leave JMU :P That's how much I love it here! Go Dukes!
I absolutely LOVE JMU! Best decision of my life to come to this school!!
Its a beautiful campus
great school!
I've had some amazing opportunities and memories and made great friends at JMU and I really couldn't have picked a better school for myself.  Make sure you look up all of the free activities happening on campus each week!
it is a LIVELY social crowd who loves to have a good time! but we know how to focus on our studies and despite rumors, we as students stick together through thick in thin because thats what dukes do!
Amazing school! I love JMU and never once have heard a negative comment about it from a student.
JMU changed my life. Best decision I have ever made!!
JMU is one of the happiest places I've ever been. lots of schools focus totally on taking classes and getting your degree. The academics are important,  but the thing that made JMU stand out for me was the sense of community. I love it so much here.
The best decision I ever made was to come to JMU!
Besides downtown their really isn't much to do.  Harrisonburg is basically all country.  Make friends with people who have cars or be forced to ride the bus home every weekend.
Good school
It''s an awesome school I am ylad b to be a part of it
JMU is the happiest place on earth
honestly an awesome place... filled with great people and great professors. Beauful campus awesome food, tons of parties, but so many other things going on as well.
Best school to get the ultimate college experience, a lifetime of memories and friends, and most importantly a great education with the help of many amazing professors.
Im a freshman here at JMU, and I absolutely love it here. Everything about JMU is awesome, except the internet; Wifi is spotty.
JMU is heaven on earth.
it's big and beautiful
JMU is an astounding university with well-rounded students, fantastic professors, a beautiful campus, and a strong alumni network.  JMU's strongest academic programs are education, music, accounting, integrated science and technology, nursing, along with others.  Definitely a top school on the east coast with a great value compared to competitors.
Over all I am happy to be a part of this university.
Great Campus! I have lived here for two years and love it so much I moved here.
LOVE ITTTT
I absolutely could not imagine going to a better school!
Disney World isn't the happiest place on earth, JMU is.
James Madison is beautiful and so are the people. We are known for holding doors and for our gorgeous views. The food is amazing, and I never get tired of it. The new Student Success Center is a great resource to have available.
It's amazing here
Nothing I would change, nothing to complain. Just the best
There's no better university.
James Madison University is an excellent place. Students here are all proud and excited to be a part of the greater community. Work hard play hard is the lifestyle and you can expect to be challenged all the while having a blast doing it.
The only reason I went here is because they paid me, now I know why
I  love every moment being here. You don't have to be greek to have fun. There's always fun things going on. I'm a sophomore and I honestly never want to leave. There are a TON of girls, the parties are great, the campus is beautiful, the food is delicious and the people are wonderful. The two libraries are pretty nice and the Planetarium is great!
I could not have imagined picking another school to spend 4 years at. This school only encourages me to further my education. I came in just wanting to be a psychologist but now I'm sure I want to go to Graduate and Med school just so I can stay here that much longer.
BEST PLACE IN THE WORLD!!!
GREAT SCHOOL
JMU is known as a party school, and it definitely lives up to that reputation. However, the academics are better than you would think, and the administration makes a dedicated effort to place its students in the best environment possible.
They didn't even have to pay me to go here.
Very good
JMU is cool, but I transferred in and didn't experience much campus life.  And Harrisonburg is very small.
wonderful in every aspect
Being at JMU has been the best four years of my life. I couldn't have been happier here.
The people here are so amazing. I honestly couldn't be happier. Get involved and be active, it'll be the best experience ever. 3
Buckle up princess cause you're in for a ride
This place gives Disney some serious competition for "The Happiest Place on Earth."
I am obsessed with my school and I wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
I love it here!
Great school, just not the school for me. Came from very far and I feel like I could have a similar experience closer to home and with a better location.
BEST SCHOOL ON EARTH
Awesome school !!!
its awesome
this is the best school
BEST SCHOOL EVER
I LOVE IT HERE. BEST SCHOOL EVER
JMU has the best balance of academics and party atmosphere in the state of Virginia.
Awesome school! DO NOT SIGN SECOND YEAR HOUSING CONTRACT FRESHMAN!!!! You will be stuck. Other than that it's truly a beautiful amazing place to live!
Love it at JMU
Beautiful campus with tons of beautiful people and great opportunities! The town is a little small but that gives it a home-like feeling.
Everything here is amazing. The only problems I have with campus is that the wifi is scarce and parking is horrible. Besides that, it is the best place on earth.
James Madison University is the best college ever. I am so glad I made the choice to come here.
Best decision I've had to make, no regrets.
JMU is the greatest school in the world there's no where else i'd rather be
I absolutely love it here, the sight of the Shenandoah Mountains will NEVER get old, classes are relatively small. Im a freshman and all my professors know my name and class sizes are never bigger than 40 kids (for me so far). The food is the bomb, much better than tech, WVU, American, or Maryland
JMU is a really good school socially and academically. The community is very nice and respectful. JMU is big on community service and really shapes its students to lead productive and meaningful lives!
Best Decision ever! I LOVE this school. Seriously the happiest place on earth.
LOVE LOVE LOVE
This is one of the best places on earth. Everyone is so nice and they truly want to make you happy. I don't think I've met a single person who hasn't smiled at me or held the door. PLUS the campus is gorgeous and the mountains are breath taking!
This the most beautiful school I've ever seen! The food is great, the people are nice and the opportunities are endless. This is the best school in Virginia 3
JMU is a gorgeous school! Classes are challenging, but manageable. The campus is straight out of a movie, especially the Bluestone area. What really makes James Madison are the people, there is an almost tangible positive energy among the study body. I've never met a person who didn't like it here.
The best place on Earth
James Madison University is a place I fondly refer to as "home" after only a few months.
JMU is the best
Jmu is the bestest!!!!!
it is a great school. i really feel at home here
Best school ever! Home away from home!
there are no words. feel blessed to have gone here
I wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
Happiest place on earth of course!!
Transferred here after attending two other universities. Everybody is really friendly. I've never gotten the vibe that someone's a complete jerk. All my friends enjoy visiting as well. Professors are always excited to teach here as well.
I couldn't possibly be happier here
JMiloveU !!!!
I love it here! Best choice of my life!
Great place to live and learn
Absolutely love this school!
BEST PLACE ON EARTH. Great academics, great people, great food, great atmosphere, great school.
JMU is a bit of a niche school--if you don't fit a certain mold, it can seem difficult to make friends.  However, you'll find your crowd, and the school itself is just amazing overall.  Great food, great atmosphere, and everybody is so happy to be attending JMU.  Put yourself out there and you'll have an amazing experience :)
It's a nice school, but I often times don't understand the hype.
There's a reason I feel homesick while home for the holidays...
Great school.   Student culture is a good balance between fun and academics.  Teachers are focused and very open to student interaction inside and outside the classroom.  Sports programs and spirit are strong - but not as over-the-top as the ACC or SEC.  Greek system is friendly and rowdy at times but does not dominate campus life - which is nice.
Can't imagine going anywhere else. Beautiful campus and students as well. A lot of clubs on campus. Social life is really good if you're in partying, and there is a Greek scene that's not really big but is present. I don't know why everyone says we have the best food though. I have been to schools with way better food.
