Absolutely love JMU. Everything about this college is perfect.
Literally the happiest place on earth
Became my home the moment I arrived here. I could not dream of going to school anywhere else.
Overall beautiful, welcoming and amazing campus, school and people! Wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
Disney land of colleges, that's all there is to say
The school is beautiful and the people are beautiful. There are so many things to do, from chill hangouts to house shows to frat ragers, and also cool hiking spots and things of that nature. Best food ever. Close to Charlottesville and not too far from Richmond and D.C. Wonderful school. I feel as if I've really found my place. Parking is awful.
love this place
Love it! The school is perfect.
An AMAZING campus, super friendly people, and an overall great learning environment! I love taking classes here! The professors are pretty great with getting to know you on a one-on-one basis if you make an effort. I wouldn't change a thing.
The best.
Come here!
best school ever! love it here
There's a reason why students don't want to graduate.
JMU is absolutely the best place ever! I've never felt more at home than I do at this school. The people are great and friendly and the campus is so gorgeous. There's always so much to do and it's such an exciting atmosphere. The classes and professors are excellent and make you excited to learn. JMU is basically Disneyland, come here!!!
JMU is home
You will NEVER hear of someone who doesn't like it here. Everywhere else in Virginia you will hear complaints. How do I know this? They come here on the weekends to have a good time
Best decision I have ever made
BEST SCHOOL IN THE NATION! Seriously, this place is home. Academics are highly ranked, food is top 5 in the nation, and the community is beyond friendly. If you are looking for a college you will actually enjoy, a place that will help you leave with a great degree, and be a part of a community of life long friends, this is the place to come.
JMU is the happiest place on earth. It is nestled in the beautiful Shennandoah Valley and had one of the most beautiful quad's in the country. The food is killer, the atmosphere is buzzing with happy people, and the Social life here is off the charts between the quaint bars downtown and the Greek life, theres always something to do here. I LOVE JMU
I wouldn't want to be at school any other place than JMU! I love it and its like your not at school, your at "home." I was able to get involved in many activities like the Marching Royal Dukes and different clubs and I love everyone here! I am blessed to be a part of such an amazing family that comes along with attending JMU! GO DUKES!!!
weak weak, not beat beat
Wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
Great place!
If you don't party, drink, or smoke, you better find clubs and activities to do because other than that your weekends will be boring. On a positive note we have the prettiest girls in the state go here and the tater tots are to die for!
I don't want to leave- ever.
DISNEY WORLD OF COLLEGES!!
It's an absolutely amazing school. I love it here and love my decision to come here.
LOVE JMU
JMU is a great place to spend 4 years, just make sure you join clubs and get involved or it might be difficult to find your own place on campus.
JMU is a good school, and it affords a well-rounded college experience. The classes are not so hard that you want to rip your hair out, but also not so easy that you feel like you wasted 100 grand on opportunities to drink warm, cheap beer. There's also a lot of cool stuff to do both on campus and downtown. It's been a pretty good four years.
Horrible campus for African Americans. The teachers think you should already know the material, so you end up trying to teach yourself. I would not recommend this school to anyone!
It is a college city, so don't expect there to be anything around campus except a few small places. The people fit your stereotypical sororityfraternity feel, but you can usually ignore them and be fine. The campus is beautiful and I could stay outside watching the sunset behind the mountains every day. BE PREPARED FOR SNOW!
the most amazing place! great college atmosphere. Everyone is really nice. sorority and fraternity life if that is what you are looking for, but if not it can totally be ignored. For a large college it seems super small.
Everyone who goes here is in love with the school! No one ever says that they don't love it
James Madison is the Disney land of all colleges. Last year was my freshman year and it was the best year of my life. Everyone is so welcoming and happy. My best decision was to become a duke.
I LOVE JMU SO MUCH. IT CHANGES MY LIFE.
JMU has a great setup for their campus and is located in such a nice spot in Harrisonburg. The student body is very  welcoming, encouraging and diverse. There is so much to get involved in at JMU between clubs, organizations and Greek Life. Absolutely love it here.
The best school out there
I'm so glad I transferred out of here
Go Dukes!
JMU has a high percentage of greek life. That being said, you do not have to join in order to have a life. it is pretty preppy though. There are plenty of other clubs you can get involved in and honestly there are plenty of parties for people who are involved in nothing. The campus is beautiful and well taken care of.
Bleeding purple, now and forever!
Everyone is so friendly and welcoming. JMU is honestly my home away from home. Love it and would totally recommend it to anyone ever! GO DUKES!!! :)
JMU was an amazing decision and you get out what you put into the school. I love JMU and am sad to already be a senior. I do feel well prepared for what comes next in my life!
I never want to leave.
Absolutely love it here. Best decision I've ever made.
JMU is a large campus, but with a small school feel. Honestly, my choice to go here is only reaffirmed everyday that I work with my fellow students and professors.
I love you JMU
Living at JMU is like living at a resort year round. Everyone is so nice, and helpful.
I love it
JMU is an amazing school.  There are numerous opportunities to get involved with clubs, groups, and research with professors.  The faculty truly care about their students and often go out of their way to help.  Students often interact with professors outside of class. Great school!
Live Gold, Bleed Purple! Go Dukes!
everyone is so nice, theres always something to do, the campus is absolutely gorgeous, and the food is amazing.. seriously so good. there are so many opportunities to get involved in clubs, greek life, volunteering, etc.
JMU is the best place in the entire world. I met the greatest people, had the most fun, and learned a ton!
Best choice you will ever make!!!
Love this school more than anything it really has become my home and I can't find anything bad to say about it at all no complaints everyone is so friendly and its SO easy to make friends because of that!
JMU really is the happiest place on earth to me. The opportunities are endless! There are so many resources for anything you need and the majority of students and staff are so kind.
"JMU is not just an institution of higher learning; it is a spirit, it is an atmosphere, it is... a way of life. I am glad to say that I have lived." - Alpha Spitzer ('37). No other quotation best sums up the Madison experience. This is truly the happiest place on Earth and my home.
James Madison is a well respected school with solid academics, and you'll find plenty of opportunities here. My largest complaint is the social scene: lots of drinking and partying. It is also difficult to feel like you belong if you're particularly introverted.
JMU is amazing! I'm so glad I came here.
I couldn't imagine going anywhere else
I love JMU. It's beautiful ad I've never found better people than those who are here. Go Dukes
Best school in the world!
JM i love U
Love it here!
Great. Just great.
JMU is the best decision I've ever made!
I am so glad to call JMU my home and I cannot imagine going to any other university. I never want to leave because I feel like I will be missing out on everything that goes on. This university has everything! The libraries are super nice (ECL is my fav),  the food is top rated, and the people here are super friendly. Highly recommend coming here!
Love it here. can be a little ratchet sometimes but wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
James Madison University was my number one choice. No regrets. Everyone is super friendly, the professors are engaging. It is just all around an amazing place to live/ study. I never want to leave!
It's an amazing school to be at. The environment is great and people are so friendly.
the greatest school ever
JMU is my home away form home!
James Madison is the perfect school for everyone! It does not take very long to find your place and you can go up to just about anyone and start a conversation. GO DUKES
This campus is literally SO gorgeous. Everyone is so nice, respectful, and friendly! For being such a big school, it surprisingly has a close family feel. I love it here. So sad I eventually have to leave.
Honestly, going to JMU was the best thing that ever happened to me. I love this place and I never want to leave. Summer is always hard for me bc I look forward to going back. Everyone, including professors, is so genuine and willing to help you in any way. There are so many opportunities here and many different ways to "find your place." GO DUKES!!
This school is very nice but I think the food is overhyped and not as good as everyone says it is. The other thing that is annoying  is that even on the quiet floors of the libraries it is really loud because people won't stop talking. This school has good professors and has a good reputation.
GO DUKES. Love jmu with all of my heart and soul. I truly feel at home here.
I knew when I stepped onto JMU's campus for the first time that I was in love and I still feel the same way every day when I have class!! The people here are so friendly and attractive, which is always a huge plus! My only compliant on the top of my head is the lack of parking for commuters.
Dining Services is very unhelpful towards people with food allergies. Someone needs to explain to them that food allergies are a disability under the ADA and have the right to certain accommodations, including labels.
I felt extremely welcomed when I visited campus! As a freshman, I have feel in love with the school. It has many opportunities that it available to all students.
I've only been at jmu for 3 months but it has been the best three months of my life. Everyone is friendly and nice.
The location is beautiful. JMU is located in the Shenandoah Valley, and it is gorgeous here especially during the fall. The people are friendly, and there are many dining options to choose from. I would recommend if you are interested in JMU, come and visit sometime so you can experience the magic for yourself.
Come to JMU you won't regret it
Honestly coming to JMU was the best decision I've ever made.  Everyone hear loves it and shows it.  You won't regret going to school here.
Beautiful campus with such a welcoming community. Academics are top rated in the country. I am so happy I picked James Madison University over all the other schools I applied to. Probably best decision I have ever made.
Lots of rich kids from NOVA and northern states. If you aren't in a Frat or Sorority you won't matter. People can be snobs here.
I absolutely love it here.  Within just a few weeks, I began calling this place home.  The professors are great, the food is amazing, they have any club you can possibly want, and the opportunities are endless.  When people ask me how I like college, I love being able to say I wouldn't rather be anywhere else.
JMU is a great school in beautiful Harrisonburg. Campus is always alive and there are so many things to do. Professors are great, and food and clubs are especially good for the college as well.   Everyone is nice and I've yet to run into someone on campus who didn't like it here. Take a tour if you're interested, you'll fall in love like I did.
Here's the thing about JMU... GO HERE. When we say it's the happiest place on earth, know that there is absolutely no reason we have to lie to you. The energy that fills this campus every single day is not only positive but contagious. JMU is the best place ever. Come experience happiness. Go Dukes.
Super-senior here. JMU is a fantastic school, but definitely not for everyone.  About 20,000 students attend here.  There are numerous ways to get involved. I don't know about most departments, but in the science and math department, it is very tough to even get over a 3.0 GPA, very challenging.  Social life is great. Worth to tour in the summer.
Don't have great HS grades?  JMU's guaranteed admission is surprisingly lenient, only requires a 3.0 community college GPA.  Great people. Good academics. Business school is very popular, for good reason.   My only negatives would be dorm wifi and diversity.  It's not unknown that JMU isn't the most diverse college in VA.
Great school in Virginia. Competitive to get in. It's the Disney World of colleges. I have never met somebody who did not love JMU.
Reputation: Only in VA; parties; Academic reputation growing Location: hope you like cows; beautiful scenery Opportunities: if you're outgoing Library: I don't use but good Grounds: amazing but they spend too much $$ Internet: perfect everywhere. don't need ethernet Food: amazing!! vegan Clubs: what you make it Social: !! Happy: the best!!
Get involved. There are tons of clubs and organizations. Not a ton of diversity (mainly white girls). There is some stuff to do downtown. The libraries are nice. People are friendly. Overall a great school.
JMU is such an awesome place to go to school. Everyone is so nice-the school is known for holding doors for people. The food is awesome and there's so many extra curricular activities. The greek life is there, but you do not  need to be in one to have a good time. Most people move off campus sophomore year and rent is really cheap. Go dukes!
I Love JMU! This is the only school for me.
My heaven on Earth.
It's better than Disneyworld
Internet is the worst part about this place, but the food is awesome and the campus is beautiful
*waves hand* This IS the college you are looking for.  But seriously. We have it all. Plus, one of our colors is purple. That's right - not navy, or maroon, or some other generic color - but PURPLE.  Professors have souls, classes are fun, and people open doors for you out of habit. The pure joy of the student body is contagious. JOIN THE DUKE SIDE
Our rates of graduation are one of the highest, our athletics are stellar for our conference (despite general student apathy), clubs galore, academics soaring, some of the best programs can be found here. Life is about the balance between work and play, and JMU proves one can be social, and still get the job done.
There's also a ski resort 15 minutes away:)
location is horrible and absolutely nothing to do here. the community itself is friendly though
JMU is honestly the best decision I've ever made. The students are all just very happy and nice 24/7, the social life is AWESOME for a school that's so perfectly sized. For people that say there's nothing to do around here, I recommend y'all enjoy nature for once... This is one of the best outdoors regions in the country. Food here is great too!
The only school you'll visit where every student loves the school. Even rival schools love JMU. Spend the 'best years of your life' at James Madison.  - a senior who isn't ready to leave
this was my second choice school and I am now transferring to my firs choice.  found this school to not live up to or even come close to its hype I cant wait to transfer to my top choice school.
My first year has gone by so fast, and even though I have 3 more years I'm still terrified of leaving. This place really has become home, and being able to view my beautiful campus everyday puts a smile on my face even when I'm in the worst mood. I love JMU with all my heart, the decision to come here will never be a regret. JMiloveU!
Been here three years. Doing well grade wise. Not as social here as I'd hoped I'd be.
It really is the happiest place on Earth
Honestly, I could not see myself anywhere else.
I love JMU with my whole heart. I've really been able to develop and learn not just about myself but truly about others too. It's a campus that loves tradition but is always growing and developing.
HAPPIEST PLACE ON EARTH! are we at college or disney world?
I love it here
This is definitely a niche school where you have to find your place and your people. But once you do- the beauty, food, professors, and atmosphere really make it a place you will always be proud and happy to call home.
As an academic, JMU is OK: THE GOOD: The professors are EXCELLENT and really care about their students. A good undergrad student has a wealth of research/internship opportunities.  THE BAD: The student body is more concerned with partying than class. It's hard to find students who care about learning. It's Isolating, yet easy to beat the curve.
JMU is the happiest campus on earth. I couldn't be any happier to go to this amazing University
Really amazing academics with all of the majors/minors you can think of.  Great professors, overall. Food is good but gets old quick. The libraries are more of a gathering ground to talk about how sick a party was over the weekend, with little studying involved. Not in Greek life? You basically don't exist. Don't party? You become a social pariah.
JMU was awesome when I was there and better every time I visit or talk to current students and alumni. Better than most and constantly improving facilities and classrooms, technology and Internet, athletics, and food than any college I have been too and probably the most under rated school for academics in Virginia, if not the entire east coast. 
Campus is way too spread out. I wouldn't have gone there but it was the cheapest around.
Overall, I mean, it's college. As an introvert, I don't get involved in as many social activities as I'd like to, but there's certainly a lot to choose from. The scenery is great with the mountains around. Food is good, although you do get tired of it after awhile. You get some awesome professors and some that suck. I'm happy but pretty impartial.
WHAT A GREAT FEELING IT IS TO BE A DUKE! When they say it's a big campus with a small campus feel, they aren't kidding. Everyone is always smiling and holding doors for each other. I cannot imagine spending my college career anywhere else. Happiest place on Earth, without a doubt!
absolutely the best decision i've ever made
Finishing up my third year here and definitely enjoy it now. That being said, it can be very hard to adjust to if you are an anxious person, because there is a lot of pressure to fit into the "JMU mold" of these attractive, partying students. Great food and campus though, would recommend to anyone not afraid of stepping out of their comfort zone.
Came here not knowing anyone, took a while to adapt but wow is it something here. College of business is great, everyone is pretty nice, really pretty, you can party hard but there are other things to do too. Come here if you can!
Best place to go to college if you live on the east coast.
Most underrated school in the country.  The greatest people in the greatest place I never want to leave this school.
Happy to be earning my degree here
Honestly one of the best universities in the country. Our CIS program is ranked top 5 in the nation, not to mention our prestigious business school ranked top 40.
The university is fine overall. I'm happy for the most part however there are definitely flaws.
Love it here!!!!
The happiest place on earth
So underrated. Wouldn't want to be at any other school in VA.
JMU is incredible!
Best school in VA!
An up and coming school with top quality food, top quality people, and top quality professors
I LOVE JMU! I would not change my experience for anything. Currently crying for only having two years left! 4 semesters is going to fly by! I do not want to leave!
I LOVE JMU!!! I personally can't figure out what words would appropriately describe JMU. It is definitely a home-like feeling. I'm 6 hrs away, and the people here are so considerate and there for each other. Super friendly, and I couldn't imagine my first year any better!
LOVE JMU! The business school is very very very hard though!!
Love JMU, Go Dukes
I couldn't imagine being anywhere but here. I never thought I would be this satisfied with a college or happier with my experience so far, but JMU has exceeded my expectations. The opportunities for activities, organizations, and hobbies are endless. This community is amazing and I am so proud to be a Duke!
Students and faculty are the best people I've ever been around. 20K undergraduates but you'll feel like it's just one big family. Absolutely love it here!
Absolutely love JMU! There are so many things to get involved in, and the campus is gorgeous! The atmosphere and spirit is electric and the people really are so nice!
JMU was my last choice school. I really didn't want to come here at all... I just finished my freshman year and it was honestly the greatest year of my life. You really find your niche here at JMU and your sense of belonging. This school is truly amazing. There's a reason we call it The Happiest Place on Earth.
James Madison is its own world. The campus is beautiful, people are friendly, and classes are engaging and rewarding. Dorm life is awesome, food is good and after finishing my freshman year here I couldn't picture being anywhere but here. JMU has so much to offer academically and you will never find someone who doesn't absolutely love it here.
When I first came to JMU, I loved everything about this school. However, that was before I was required to work to survive and stay in school. JMU has absolutely no accommodations for those who are required to work during the semester. So if you work more than 15 hours a week, prepare to receive less of an education than everyone else.
Absolutely beautiful area and campus in the middle of the mountains. Love the business school. Challenging yet worth the time.
I picked JMU on a whim, and let me tell you, best choice I've ever made. The grounds are beautiful and the school's reputation is improving daily. Harrisonburg is also getting better and better. 10/10 would recommend.
Great School. Love it here. Everyone is happy, the school is beautiful and the reputation from others is good. Never heard anyone say anything negative about JMU and everyone who goes here loves it.
Food and environment is great. Also, everyone here is super polite. Only downfall is the lack of A/C in some dorm rooms.
Some weird advice for future applicants: It is a huge party school, if you are having trouble with being sober and mentally sound.. I wouldnt choose JMU. Though the Office of disabilities is an amazing part of JMU and the professors are great at understanding... it's the lack of resources for addiction/mental health help that caused me to transfer.
Best decision I've ever made. Never wanna leave
JMU is amazing like everyone is so friendly and there is like zero judgement!
JMU was the best decision I have ever made. The clubs are great, the food is amazing and the people are so nice! I never honestly want to leave!
JMU is more than just my home, it is the best home ever
Forget Disney, JMU is the happiest place on earth!
Just walking down the quad at JMU makes me happy to go to this school. It's so beautiful and such a happy place
My "education"  is in Architectural Design.  I do NOT recommend to any student, very misleading & offers no real education but, rather working for professors acceptance to design something with no function but rather a "aesthetically pleasing" object with no significance, I beg you to save yourself and get a real education  :)
If you are considering JMU, pick it, it was the best decision I ever made!!
JMU is the perfect in between school. Everyone loves to have fun but at the same time, wants to do well in classes. It has a lot of great programs, especially Business. Lots of different types of people too.
Everything about JMU is exactly what I wanted in a college experience.
It's home, and it always will be.
JMU was not my top choice, but I am beyond happy that I decided to go here. 10/10 would recommend to any high school seniors who are unsure about where they want to go.
Great school. Everyone is so nice. The professors are amazing!
JMU campus is so pretty, lots of mountains.  Beautiful limestone buildings, you don't even hardly ever notice there's a highway running through the middle of campus. It's super involved, always stuff going on somewhere on campus.
JMU is well rounded. You get a quality education, access to resources and networking opportunities, and you get the full "college experience" of parties, sports, and on campus living.
The most magical place on earth. Food, community, great professors and plenty to do. It's safe and everyone is always in a good mood! So happy I'm here.
The fall time is the best. With the leaves chaining, there is always something going on so you never get board.
Campus is amazing.
Iv'e never felt more at home. Everyone is so nice and caring about you. Really easy to get out of your comfort zone, in a good way, and meet new people. Lots of opportunities to get involved!
nice
Love this campus and the environment here as well! Get involved early and there are great opportunities.
god bless jmu
I love JMU. Has every single group, club, org you could imagine. Food is amazing, professors are amazing, and campus is absolutely beautiful. I'm in my first of 5 years in the education program and couldn't be more excited for the rest of my education here in Harrisonburg.
love it here! the campus is so beautiful
The campus is absolutely beautiful and there is an insta-worthy sunset every night over the mountains. The bluestone is stunning and everyone that goes here is genuinely happy, plus the food is amazing and the education you receive is worth the price of tuition.
James Madison University is literally the Disney World of colleges. I have never heard a bad thing about it and I love every second here. The past 4 years have been the greatest years of my life, from school to social, there isn't a thing that I would change. Perfect mix of "work hard, play hard"!
JMU is an overall great school. It's  so well rounded and anyone can find their niche here on campus. There's nothing I can complain about. I've never been so happy.
When I give JMU a 4 for safety, I would put this rating for any college. Of course any place you go, whether you're out at a party or walking alone somewhere can be dangerous, but the police are awesome and JMU does an excellent job of providing safe resources.
JMU is the best decision I have ever made. I truly believe that I am getting the best education and the best college experience possible here.
It's a great campus, I have a great time here
JMU is great, it's home and wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
JMU is an amazing school!
JMU is the equivalent to disney world. I've never felt more at home anywhere.
James Madison is amazing, I love it here. Go Dukes!
Beautiful campus in a very good spot for me. Social life is very active. The atmosphere surrounding this school and its events is absolutely the best part about this school. On-campus food is very good. Dorm internet is very spotty but the other buildings around campus is usually good. Would absolutely recommend.
JMU is the perfect school for anyone. I absolutely love it here.
Best school ever. I'm so happy I made the choice to come here. I want my kids to come here because I love it so much. Proud DUKE DOG!
There are really no words to describe how much I love JMU. Amazing student body, so much fun, I'm never bored, food is great, sports rock. I'm in the SMAD school and the professors are so knowledgable, all have worked out in LA in the entertainment industry and really want everything for us.  We're spoiled here at JMU, I definitely bleed purple!
GO DUKES! love this school more than anything.
Caring professors, beautiful campus, great people. Wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
Although JMU is a really safe space, it can be learn to be more inclusive and offer more safe spaces. Plus some of the classes have 3 or 4 majors registering for the same class but only offer 2 sections which is outrageous.
My future comes from my time spent in extracurriculars. Everything I've needed to know about how to work with individuals and groups, personal growth and responsibility, and following my passions, has come my organization and advisors.   For academics, make it what you want. The opportunities are there, but clubs get you connected like no other.
JMU is the best! Go dukes!!
Hands down the best decision I've ever made. I'm from out of state but I've never felt more at home than when I am at JMU. I have made so many quality friendships and memories there. Its a pretty big school but everyone is so friendly and everyone has all these connections so it doesn't seem big after a while. I absolutely love it.
I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else
JMU is the most underrated school ever. Our football team has no competition in the FCS, and the softball, volleyball, & basketball games are lit. Our food would be best in the nation if our main dining hall weren't being renovated right now.. it'll be the #1 again in 2018! The internet is better than what i get at home.  Better than Disney World!
I could not say better things about this university as a whole. The campus itself is so beautiful and always kept so neat and clean. The campus is so friendly, the socializing section is always a plus. Greek life and club sports are very big. Recommend touring if you're interested, that's what sold me to go there!
JMU rox
Love this school and wouldn't want to be anywhere else. Opportunities are endless
JMU is definitely one of those places you can call your home. The whole campus atmosphere and environment, not to mention the amazing relationship between students and faculty. Everybody here is always extremely kind and welcoming, not to mention our whole unwritten legacy and tradition of holding the door open for others.
I LOVE JMU! GO DUKES! This campus is the most beautiful campus in America, and the food is to die for. Everyone, I repeat, EVERYONE, is so nice and we hold doors for everyone. The sporting events are great! The events and clubs are great opportunities to meet new people. Everyone looks out for everyone, and the students are even friends with staff.
Best school and happiest place on Earth.
There's a reason why JMU's freshman retention rate is so high: the school is loved by many!
Great school definitely go here!
JMU has really become my home. Coming from out of state I really feel welcomed here and the Shenandoah Valley is breathtaking. Besides there being great weather (barely have had winter), there's lot of opportunities, good parties, ways to make friends and resources to succeed. There's not a lot of school scholarships though. GO DUKES!!!
I've never heard someone say they don't like it here
The only people that don't like JMU, don't like college in general. Best school on earth. There is NO other place like it.
I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else. The teachers are AMAZING, the campus is BEAUTIFUL, and theres always something fun to get into on the weekends. JMU also offers so many clubs, both sports and academic. OH and the gym has like 15 courts, a huge recreational pool, a sauna, a rock wall room, and free dance/ work out classes. GO DUKES
The best school ever!!!
JMU is basically Disneyland
i love my school it has everything and more you can dream of the only annoying part is spotty wifi but id take no wifi if that means i got to stay here longer jmu is my forever home and im always my best and happiest here no matter the amount of exams i have to cram for
This place is a chill campus where everyone can pursue whatever they want without much social or peer pressure. If you want to do Greek life, do Greek life. It isn't essential here like it is elsewhere. If you want to do a political, music or even an anime club, you can do that here and I don't think anyone would look down upon anyone for it. Peace
The happiest school; would not want to study anywhere else.
JMU is the happiest place on Earth.  I love it here and wouldn't want to go to school anywhere else.  Harrisonburg is kind of lame, but there's so much to do on campus it doesn't even matter.
Best school ever!!!!
its really not as great as people say it is
JMU is great overall. However, there are some things that need to be worked on. Living on campus is easy; but not easy. The reason is we can't use our punches like we want to.  The food is really good here. Especially over on East Campus. The facilities are nice some are the traditional Bluestone buildings. There is always something to do.
JMU is the best decision I've made in my life. There are days where I literally could not be happier than I am currently.
I LOVE JMU! Best school on Earth. I love downtown Harrisonburg and the view of the mountains is the most amazing view in the world. Wouldn't trade my time here for anything.
I LOVE JMU-- beautiful campus, great food, wonderful people. The area is very college friendly with shopping centers nearby. Staff work hard and are extremely nice. Teachers dedicate themselves. It's unusual to find yourself alone on this campus and there are plenty of places to study and meet up with friends!
JMU is quite honestly an amazing place year round.  No matter if it's the first few weeks where it's meeting all new people and finding out what everything is or if you're dreading the last few weeks of school  because you have to leave.  The atmosphere at JMU is like no other and that is why I love being a Duke!
The internet recently has been really horrible but overall I have never been happier than I am when I am here.
Best school ever! Most of the top companies in DC recruit heavy in here! Come and leave with a job!
You are missing out by not coming here.
This place has it all
Good
Love it here. Everyone is amazing and for the most part the professors are completely brilliant, especially in upper level courses.
JMU is love, JMU is life.
SO many clubs, organizations, and greek life which makes it so easy to fit in at JMU. I would not choose any other place in the world.
I love JMUUU
Best decision of my life
JMU is a god-tier school, but the people can be a little overwhelming. If you're not coming to party or join a greek-life group, clubs are a must. Classes are great, professors are mostly good, the campus is beautiful, and I highly recommend coming here because for its few faults, it has many exceptional qualities that you just can't find elsewhere
JMU is a good school. The professors are okay. A lot of them are hired based on their achievements, not their teaching credentials. So you'll have a genius professor who is so intelligent, but they cannot get the point across to make it understandable. I've had many of these professors. The police doesn't seem to care of the blue lights work either
JMU's people is so nice. I feel happy here and I would love to stay here for 4 years. I am an international student but I still feel connected here. It's such a friendly college. I love JMU!
Good school, but hard. Teacher quality 50/50. Either you're lucky, or you deal with teachers who don't know how to teach and are completely unreasonable in their grading. Not uncommon to have to repeat  several classes. JMU does not offer online or fast track courses for Undergraduates during fall & spring. Very unattractive for older students.
JMU feels like home. I get sad every break when I have to leave the gorgeous campus. Going to JMU was the best decision I've ever made. Go Dukes!
JMU is a fantastic school in every way. Go Dukes!!!!
JMU has a beautiful campus, teaching faculty is great, lots of academic and social opportunities. Food is pretty good but not great, meal plan options are ok. Greek life has a strong presence, if you're not into that it can make the social environment rough, especially on weekends. Big party culture on and off campus. Wish there was more diversity.
Best school ever! Happiest place in the world
LOVE MY SCHOOL
best choice i ever made
It's the disney world of colleges. Best best on earth. period.
The campus is beautiful and the people are typically very nice. Harrisonburg is a nice city but can fill a little cramped in the "JMU bubble". Education wise easily top 5 in VA with many distinguished programs. JMU is continually growing and renovating old buildings, which is needed. Overall, it's an amazing school that's continuing to grow.
Great food with lots of different restaurants across campus. Over 200 different clubs to join with lots of parties.
Best years of my life
JMU has definitely out grown Harrisonburg- the traffic is pretty bad here, and parking SUCKS. The campus is beautiful though and so is the surrounding area. Almost all the students and professors are super nice too- you won't find it hard to make friends. There is a lot of school spirit with sports as well.
Best place for vegans
Best choice I've made was coming to JMU. The people are incredible and there are endless opportunities to pursue whatever interests you. I will say though that I'm disappointed that the school feels the need to crack down on social and Greek life. I've seen more cops bust parties this year alone than the whole time I've been here.
Love everything about it!
Beautiful school.
Campus is beautiful, the food is top quality, the groundskeepers really take care of the campus
Absolutely love this school. Couldn't imagine trying to double major anywhere else, because the class environment is so inviting and friendly. Speaking of friendly, literally everyone here is so nice.
I absolutely love JMU. Out of every school I visited as an incoming freshman, this was the only place that truly felt like home. I am academically and personally supported here by my friends and professors. It is a beautiful campus with great food, a friendly community atmosphere, rigor, school spirit and endless opportunities and resources.
Gorgeous campus with endless amounts of opportunities that are widespread. Come to JMU for a great time!
I am a black transfer student. It has been hard adjusting to this area. I chose this school due to the connections and job opportunities you are prepared for in your major. I think there needs to be alot more diversity here-TRUST ME.
Awesome university!
East Campus is beautiful, and the football team is good.
Such a beautiful campus with amazing people and amazing food. I never have an issue not feeling safe on campus. The building, environment, and people are all amazing here.
I love it here. We're all kind of like family, and I feel so at home here. We are kind of in the middle of no were to someone who comes from anywhere larger than Harrisonburg , but in my opinion Harrisonburg is such an amazing community; I wouldn't want anything bigger.
JMU felt like the right school for me within my grade range, scores, and pricing. I was worried I would be too into my studies and everyone would just want to party. Not the case. I have amazing grades and can easily choose when to party and when to not. And the parties are amazing. The classes and professors are also amazing. Very high standards
The best decision I have ever made was to come to school here at JMU!!!!
This is the best school in Virginia. I applied to 8, including the main ones (tech and uva)- got in everywhere but chose JMU early in January because I knew I wanted to be here! Coming here was the best decision for sure. The students are full of kindness and the faculty want the best for you. There are great resources for any situation! GO GREEK!
I couldn't be more happier with being at this school
If you want to lose weight from a lost appetite because of gross food, come here! Everything else is on point, though, or close enough to it.
I've enjoyed my experience here!
Obsessed with this place, cried the other day just thinking about graduation (and iI'm only a sophomore lol)!
JMU spends a lot of time and money on making the campus look appealing but the quality of good teachers are poor. The teachers need classes to help improve on their abilities to teach. They are smart on the topic but are poor at getting the message across. I have never experienced a bad teacher until I came here.
JMU is the best place on earth
You get so much more than you could ever dream of! This school seriously has something for everyone. The professors are top notch, the campus is safe and beautiful, the people are like a huge family. I chose this school for the ROTC, and found that it has so much more! It really is the best school in VA!
JMU is the best campus on Earth (not that Im biased or anything). Students here are very well-rounded and anyone could see that. Its about half work/half play when it comes to school work versus social life, but students are very inclined to do well here academically. JMU has a wide variety of academics so you can go here and do almost anything!
I love JMU!! Great school, great professors, great programs.
Happy to be here
I personally love James Madison. I was hesitant in coming at first because I get so homesick so easily, but now that I'm here, it feels like another home.
Heaven on earth
i'm ready to graduate, but i'll miss it a lot
Awesome place
JMU is so awesome. I love it here
love it go dukes
I like JMU a lot, but it can get frustrating sometimes. My biggest problem is that our population is continuing to grow but our campus is the same size. It's ridiculous that I have to spend 45 minutes looking for parking or a place to study during finals. Also, no one really cares about our opinions. They pretend they do, but nothing we say matters
I love love love JMU. I've spend the best years of my life here. Amazing professors, amazing school. The worst thing by far, and for good reason, is the parking. The population size of JMU is too large for the parking to provide. It can be really frustrating, but it's all worth it to me.
Great place to be
JMU is my home. I am in love with this place and the people here are some of the best people I've ever met. Wow this place rocks
Hey, that's pretty good.
JMU is a great all around school. It's sports programs, arts program, and degree programs are all well respected and is a great middle ground for students, especially if you are not sure what exactly to pursue in college. Switching, dropping, and picking up majors/minors is very easy. The only thing I would improve is the wifi can be little spotty.
Love this school!
