Love JMU!!!
I FEEL SORRY FOR ANYONE WHO DOESNT GO HERE!
Have you ever heard someone say that they don't love JMU? If you have, they're lying.
JMU is where the heart is
JMU has great faculty, a beautiful campus, and decent facilities. They've spent a lot of time (and money) on cultivating a positive image, which means actual problems - lack of diversity, old and damaged dorms, scheduling issues - often get overlooked. There's a huge greek scene, which can feel inescapable if you're not into it.
This school has great professors and a nice campus. My biggest issues have been with its culture & faculty. The administration feels extremely business-oriented, student needs are often brushed aside. There is definitely a type for people who go here, it doesn't feel very diverse at all + huge party scene that gets old if you don't party every week
It's a great school but the classes are hard, and the professors will help but you have to make an effort.
I just graduated from JMU and it was the best 4 years of my life. I would do it all again in a heartbeat. Go here. If you don't go here, transfer here, do whatever it takes. It's that good.
This is a party school, definitely, but it can be avoided if that's not for you. I, a music major, absolutely love the network and facilities here, and Harrisonburg has a lot to offer. The food is the bomb, but you gotta know where to go- E-Hall is killer, D-Hub is NOT. #WhereIsDHall. You'll love it here.
I transferred to JMU from Eastern Mennonite University, I love the environment. I have some teachers who have me complete lost what is going on but overall good university.
JMU is awesome! I transferred later and still made friends and got involved. You get out what you put in. There's a huge party scene and greek life is a focal point. Even though that wasn't for me, I still had tons of fun! Good food options and even better professors! Come here, buy into life in Harrisonburg, and loveeeee it!
The BEST Virginia University! JMU has amazing opportunities. I love that our student body is a community where students and faculty work together and an not extremely competitive environment. I love everyone I have met on this campus and feel supported by every professor I have had. This is a college where everyone works together to succeed.
Can't imagine being anywhere else! Classes are hard but that's not a bad thing
Party scene is high caliber, the gym is spectacular, beautiful scenery, great people. What more is there to say?
JMU is literally the best place in the world.
choose jmu! best school ever
BEST SCHOOL EVER! There is a club for everyone and it is extremely fun at all times.
You'll cry when they say you have to leave.
Choose JMU!
PLEASE GO HERE! Going to JMU was the best decision of my life! It is such a well balanced school with plenty of clubs, frats, and sports that everyone has something to do. The food is also AMAZING and the people are even better. GO DUKES!!!
I absolutely love this school! It has a great atmosphere. Everyone is nice, the food is great, the professors want whats best for you... what more could you want from a school!
great school, love it here
JMU is the happiest place on the planet! Our food is top notch, and there are tons of opportunities to meet new people and grow.
best school on earth. period.
If I could go higher on food and happiness, I would. JMU may just be heaven on earth. It has a reputation for being a party school, but really its just who you surround yourself with!
I love JMU, best food ever, especially with New D-hall opening
AMAZING!!!!! LOVE JMU
I LOVE JMU SO MUCH!! YOU WON'T REGRET GOING HERE!!! GO DUKES !!!!
Amazing school! Love it so much. My family has multiple siblings enrolled
Don't make me leave
Great university, not so nice people, everyone acts like its High School 2.0
James Madison feels like a home away from home - no one ever wants to leave. The school pride and spirit is so contagious. The entire experience is amazing and the campus is beautiful. I don't want to ever graduate and just stay in this paradise forever.
Coming to JMU was the best decision of my life!!!!
I love my school!!
everyone loves this place
People here are very nice and helpful
JMU is the best school ever. I've never loved anything more. If you're on the fence between JMU and another school, definitely decided to be a Duke Dog-- You won't regret it!
I transferred here from another big 4 year university and it was the best decision I have ever made. Everyone is happy and friendly and has so much school pride. I never hear of people saying they regret going here.
JMU is the best place on earth!! This is the best decision I could have ever made. GOOOOO DUKES!!!!!!
Best school on Earth!
The only reason I even go home on breaks is to see my dog. This school is the best university you could dream up!!
Great school. Only thing I would change is the cold, but other than that a great environment on a social and academic level. Also many good food options for all types of dietary restrictions.
JMU is a great school, but there is definitely a little something missing for me. But, overall, I can't complain too much, the campus is beautiful, and the opportunities are good, if you seek them out
AC sucks
It rains a lot here but JMU is basically the best school ever and you will not regret coming here. go dukes !!
Everything about this school is completely amazing. I am a transfer student and could not be happier. I could never go to another school.
God bless the dukes
You would be hard pressed to find a DUKE that doesn't express unwavering support for JMU. All bias aside, the location is poor but the campus is among the best in the U.S., the culture is welcoming, social life is flourishing, clubs are plentiful, and the food is top-notch. As an alum, opportunities are great on the east coast yet not nationally.
Best University in the US
Its home away from home
JMU is the best place ever
JMU is awesome. Enroll here.
jmu is the best school ever with literally every opportunity and club you could want. there is a place or everybody here.
duuuuukkeeessss
JMU definitely has so many opportunities and clubs. The food is great. The hills are treacherous. Dorms in the summer are MISERABLE without AC.
Big university with a small school feel
wouldn't have chosen any other school!
I love JMU. I'm from farther away than most people but haven't really felt that homesick. Everyone's from NOVA aka Northern Virginia and being out of state it can feel like a lot of people already know each other but everyone's so welcome and it's really easy to get involved in clubs, organizations, and greek life!
literally the best school, couldn't imagine myself anywhere better
I couldn't imagine myself going to any other school. JMU is an amazing, happy place to be. (the amazing food is just a plus)
JMU is the best school I could've ever chosen. The people are so kind and the atmosphere makes me so happy everyday. I had 8 other schools to choose from and I would never take back that decision. Endless opportunities and ways to excel and grow as a person. Go DUKES
This place is amazing. I have met so many awesome people. Parties are everywhere
its everything I expected and more. I love it here!!
love JMU with all my heart!!
Honestly I love JMU, and I can honestly say I have found my home here.
I love JMU and I'm gonna miss it when I'm at grad school but tbh its slightly shambly. The dorms are nice but there was a bat in my hall last week lmao... The food is very overrated, like its not bad, but leaves a lot to be desired. Some policies are super dumb and has problematic ones regarding sexual assault.
Something for everybody here. The campus isn't top tier but it's prettier than average and walkable. Sometimes I think people here are too nice and too happy. I'm one semester in and I haven't met a single person who doesn't like it. Unlike many other schools with big party scenes, courses are taken seriously. UVA was my top but I'm glad I'm here.
If you don't put in an effort to make friends you won't, but if you leave your room and make an attempt it'll happen. I never wanted to come here because it had the reputation of a party school but now I never want to leave. Love the food and people and opportunities. Go dukes!!
The university gym (UREC) will make you want to work out every day. Food is amazing. Tons of clubs to match your interests. Socially you can either join a club sport, greek life, or be 21 and go to bars. Usually your club will be your social life. Great school with a lot of opportunities and connections to be made if you make the effort.
I think some may say JMU is a party school but there's so much more! Great food and most of the people are so so nice. Campus is beautiful. Lots of walking though.
Amazing school, just money hungry like any other college.
JMU always keeps buildings updated, there are so many activities to do around campus, you can never be bored, and truly gives a home feeling. I never want to leave.
JMU is all around amazing!
I wouldn't want to be anywhere else
Best school ever. Wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
Im an out of stater and I honestly love it. It really chill and the campus is beautiful. Dont appreciate how much the cost is and driving on campus is always a pain. Plenty of places to go camping and the food is amazing. Some of the dorms don't have air condition and VA doesn't know how to deal with snow so if there's a chance of snow, no class.
Great social environment and faculty. The system we use for enrollment is awful though. Come prepared to stay 5 years. A lot of people have to.
JMU has become my home. It is my favorite place to be and i think everyone here can say the same.
JMU is my second home. I love the environment and people here. Every senior I've met says they never want to leave, and I never want to either. Best school on earth.
When applied to school I had no idea where I wanted to go. I had narrowed my options down to VT, CNU, AND JMU. After visiting all 3 there was no campus more welcoming, supportive, and lively than JMU. I was scared to death to live in shorts (no AC, old) but it was great, met some good friends and know lots of people.
Kinda rude to transfers like me and crappy about taking transfer credits but nice place over all. Probably a 8/10
JMU wasn't my top choice. I came for April choices, and felt at home. i was going to tour other colleges, but didn't because of this school. love campus and buildings. there are a good mix of profs, from good to nope. social and academic clubs/orgs are popular and welcomed. parking is the only awful part. tailgates are the best. roll dukes
Absolutely stunning campus and there's always a happy upbeat atmosphere!
I love it here but parking is the WORST!!!!
The best place on earth. Best choice I ever made was coming to this school- I never imagined I could be this happy anywhere.
JMU is a good school but need more diversity because it still has some racist inside of school.
Absolutely love it here! Though there's not much around, you can always find something to do. There are so many orgs to get involved in and most of the students are very friendly. The food is good, I am extremely picky and can always find something to eat. Very fun greek life and party scene. Great professors and facilities! GO TO JMU!!
JMU is a great school. I've had many positive experiences here. My best advice is get involved and don't be afraid to try something new.
It wasn't the school for me so I ended up Transfering. I was not academically challenged whatsoever. Transfering is possible!!
JMU was the best decision I've ever made. Coming from NY I never felt out of place. A lot of tri-state students (NJ,CT,NY) so I met alot of people from my home state. Amazing campus, everyone is so friendly and inviting. Party scene is great and have great academics as well. Professors really care about their students. Overall a 12/10 ROLL DUKESSS
So much fun and a great school to be a part of.
Wouldn't want to go anywhere else!
Best school of all time
I love JMU it is the best school!
i love it here <3
Worth it
I love this school so much, it will always be my home away from home
I transferred to Clemson after my year at JMU. Though many of my friends are still in love with it, I was miserable
JMU needs to stop covering for rapists, especially student-athletes who are rapists!
Gorgeous school, clean buildings and grounds. City is a bit scummy, big sex trafficking issues even has reached on campus. food is really good, bad vegetarian options and weird hours though. Village dorms are kinda nasty, suite style sucks, so hard to meet new people.
One of the friendliest and most beautiful campuses you'll ever visit. If you get out and involved on campus in any orgs you'll get so much out of your college experience here you won't ever want to leave. Makes me wish I was staying for an extra semester...
Good place to study, beautiful and good facilities
love it!!
Jmu is a good campus overall. Freshmen: beware of a first year frustrated scom professor assigned as your advisor. They may take out their frustrations on you because they hate wasting time on undecided newbies. Watch out for tough intro professors that are try hards for a means-nothing-later-in-life class. Read their notes & dont miss first days.
I love JMU!!!! Best school ever!
JMU IS THE DISNEY WORLD OF SCHOOLS!!!
best place ever
best school in VA hands down
I love it here. has lived up to all of my expectations so far!
JMU is a school that produces spectacular mediocrity. The school is overpopulated: trouble signing up for classes, limited parking on campus, overcrowded dinning halls, and B rated professors. If you really want to learn something, then go to community college for 2 years and transfer to a respectable university. Save your money!
JMU has left a bad taste in my mouth. The students, people of Harrisonburg, and food are the only highlights. However, the professors and advisors leave a lot to be desired. Transfer students are essentially thrown to the wolves to fend for themselves. JMU feels more like a business that sucks up all your money and less like a reputable college.
Best school in VA!! I transferred and wish I would've came for all for years.
I am out of state. I pay SO MUCH with no financial assistance. There are still cliques here like high school. Food has gotten worse in the last year or so. I don't hate it, but I wouldn't say it is my happy place.
Overall a great university!
JMU is home, I have felt that since I first walked on campus and it still rings true now. It is such a loving community and the university really cares about their students. Of course there is always room for improvement, but they are taking the right steps to make the university and the students the best that they can be.
I love JMU though there are so many nice people and tons of club options! A lot of great professors too. I wish we had more out of staters though. If you are out of state you are kinda forgotten. They tell us move in updates with no notice assuming everyone can drive home. Its also super expensive for us. The entire school is from NOVA .
One of the best places on earth. I was unwilling to leave and am looking forward to going back more then anything .
best place on earth, hands down !!
Best campus, professors, & student life. Go dukes!!!
Campus is very clean and well kept. Love the school and its people.
I love JMU, the best campus and best community
Everyone here is so welcoming and the professors genuinely care about you. Best decision I have ever made.
I love it being a Duke!
hate this place
Love it here! As a transfer student I have had a lot more opportunities than I did at my two previous schools. It has great academic programs and it has a wide network of alum for job opportunity post graduation and for internships while still in school. I could not be happier that I chose to attend JMU.
JMU gives you a family feeling!
I love JMU so much. I am so happy I chose to go here and I definitely recommend it here.
If I could marry JMU I would... that's how much I love it. The faculty, the food, the campus/social life, the sports, and the friends you make is the absolute best thing in the world. Best decision I've ever made. Grateful to be a duke.
