JMU is my home away from home
I love JMU. There are so many great people that go here, and that want to help. There are so many opportunities to get involved on campus.
Great School!!!
Great school, little complaints
School is what you make of it. Make an effort to make it your home and it will be. Everyone's experience will be different, make yours a good one.
Harrisonburg is gorgeous! The mountains surround the campus and it's especially pretty in the spring. Lots of opportunities to volunteer on campus and the surrounding area (speaking as a health major) JMU lacks diversity but there are a lot of multicultural clubs that are inclusive of everyone.
Love Harrisonburg and JMU so much! Such a great location for hiking, and campus has everything you need.
Best campus on the east coast - prettiest landscaping and campus. always clean and the friendliest people
it is very bad
JMU is what you make it. Just have to find your people.
its great
Better than Tech
Lovely place to attend!
Great school, only getting greater. Strong CS program that is focused on teaching. Great faculty. Food is great but East campus in particular doesn't have very many places. Great bus system that usually runs every 5 minutes, but is short staffed this year.
All around good school.
JMU is a pretty school in a nice location. Wifi sucks. The food is pretty good and lots of options but mostly carbs and it can get tiring. It's not diverse at all. There's not a lot around the campus. You're pretty isolated. Partying is big.
Coming here was the best decision of my life. I love it here. The campus is gorgeous, the people are nice and the staff/professors are great and super caring. The location is great for hiking and outdoor activities. Football is great and parties are pretty good too.
I have had such a good experience here unlike the horror stories I hear from people going to other schools.
Coming to JMU was by far the best decision I have ever made. The opportunities here are endless. NETWORK NETWORK NETWORK! Dukes love Dukes!
JMU is amazing and I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else. Everyone that I have met is happy as can be and excited about the day that leads on before them.
staff doesn't care about you and when prof treat you wrong nothing happens. Good people for the most part and fun football games the problem is just the staff
Very supportive community, I feel very comfortable and happy on campus. Food is decent, but still dining hall food. Lots of orgs for any interest and most students involved in multiple things. I like the college town atmosphere as we don't have to worry about the safety issues that come with a bigger city. I've enjoyed my four years so much!!
JMU was my dream school in high school, and I couldn't wait to get here. It was when I moved in in August that I soon realized, it wasn't as I though it would be. JMU is advertised as a glamorous, friendly university in the mountains with loads and loads of opportunities, but if you don't look a certain way, it's hard to fit in.
amazing. amazing. amazing. there's never a time on this campus where I dont feel like I have anything to do. For those people who say "only a specific type of person fits in," it sounds like they didnt make any effort to make friends. I get constant smiles every single day. I have friends on my club sports team, in my biology major, etc. I love it
Not the best school, but they keep everything clean, up to date, and it is very safe. Food has also gone down hill fast every year, they just stop investing in food and now it taste worst than mc D's
I love JMU its very underrated as a school. I wish we had a more walkable campus though and an airport near by. It's tough for out of staters
JMU is the best!
JMU is an amazing school I loved it
I love JMU. The campus is beautiful and bright. I have never had negative interactions with people on campus or professors.
