This school is a complete joke. No one takes the classes seriously. There is excessive partying that goes on, even in the dry building. The freshman dorm is a total disaster- the bathrooms are disgusting and no one takes care of the building. I found students who drank to be very loud and very violent. Police came several times a week to Woodland.
It is very boring and a lot of the teacher's don't seem to care about what their teaching or are not knowledgable about their subject to a great extent.
I Love This School!
its ok, its also really small
all people do here is party. how could you take this place seriously if no one else does?
I'm from Vermont. School sucks visually. It's like a jail. People suck, caf sucks, I hate mass-holes, the freshman dorm sucks so bad I would burn it down if I could. DO WHATEVER YOU CAN TO AVOID WOODLAND HALL FRESHIES! The only things I like are some classes/teachers and being so close to Boston. ALWAYS going into the city with my roomie!
I love the campus's small size. I also love the fact that some of the classes are small as well.
I call it my "starter school."  The classes are easy so going to another school after a year was simple.  But anyone that wants to do anything with their life is not going there. The fashion program is not as wonderful as they pretend it is.  Small like a high school.  45 mins to Boston by T.  Too expensive for what it is.  Go to a state school.
Love it !!!!!!
Lasell was a waste of time. It's overpriced and crappy. But it was a good place to get my GPA up and it's close to the T so I was able to work. The dean is terrible & doesn't care about the students. Food = terrible. Invest in a state college.
love this college
the food could use a little, other than that it's PERFECT
If you're looking for a school with parties, this is the place for you. Very over rated and expensive for the education and opportunities that are available. Good food, nice campus, overall it's decent but not the best for what you pay.
good deal for me
Glad I decided to attend Lasell!
Certain places need improvement but I could not see myself anywhere else.
This school is amazing !
I think this school has a very strong Fashion Design Program but everything else is no where as good as the fashion program.
Lasell is an amazing school, I am happy that I chose to go there. While campus dining and activities may not be as good as larger universities, Lasell faculty and staff do EVERYTHING they can to make the Lasell Community the best it can be. The community at Lasell is like no other, and can't be put into words. My experience was very positive!
You meet great people and SOME professors add meaning to your life, but not many prof. relate real life examples to what is being taught in class. Some information is outdated or irrelevant. Career opportunities are low and if there are any, it's to work a retail job or babysit. The best career opps. are for Sports Mgmt. - great opps. for them.
The school's in beautiful area.
love it
It's a lot better than people like to admit
A small college that gets the job done if you can suffer through all that drags it down.
