the campus is so boring
I adore this school. The community is like no other school you will ever visit. Teachers make you their priority. Everyone at Lasell is looking for you to succeed. You need to join clubs and get to know the leaders on campus to get the full feel for Lasell. I was a terrible student in High Schoola and I have a 3.7 GPA now. Lasell is incredible
I left this school my freshmen year thinking I wanted to go somewhere bigger, only to find that I missed it entirely too much and ended up transferring back. I absolutely love the community that you feel when you're here. For a small school, it does lack more in the social scene, but the academics are great, and the school is comforting.
Lasell College Professors and staff are very helpful and flexible. They are very friendly and easy going.
Its alright.
lasell is a great school but kinda small
Great school & great location. I'm always really comfortable on campus. People are friendly, and the administration is always very responsive. My biggest gripe is the social atmosphere. The school puts on lots of events and tries hard to keep us all connected, but I wish there was more. I didn't join any clubs which I hear that makes a difference.
Love it here.
Not worth attending. Huge disappointment. Terrible campus life. Terrible party life. Go elsewhere :'(
I adore Lasell! I don't know who I would be if I didn't choose this school. The professors are amazing and the student body is so supportive. You don't realize the importance of a supportive community until you go to the school and I'm so grateful I chose a small school that gives me that "family" feel.
Beautiful area. If you're looking for a party, then you can find one on Thursdays and Saturdays. Can't say they are the best though. The classes are fairly good. They can be challenging and it's pretty easy to make a strong connection with your professors. Food is bland and sometimes gross. There's usually something going on around campus. Not bad.
I feel like there is so much more to school that I haven't discovered yet.
Love the housing but needs AC.
This school makes you feel like you're in high school
Lasell is a pretty good college. It's small so if that's what you're looking for then it's perfect for you. The campus is only a ten minute walk across so it's definitely nothing to complain about. It's really nothing special and the parties are usually not that great. It's nothing to really brag about, but you learn to love it.
