Need new things at school
I feel like if youre focused on academics and not social things, this school is great! I havent made many friends and never really hear about any events or anything. For academics this school is great and thats what Im here for anyway!
It seemed like a perfect fit on the tours then I actually started going here.
It is a wonderful school, the atmosphere is great!
Lasell is a really great school, it's a small campus everybody knows everybody. The students are sought after for internships and job positions over others schools in the Boston area. The professor care a lot about their students because of how small the classes are. The food is horrible though even after switching providers.
Most professors care about student's a lot. Internships and opportunities are not hard to find on campus. Despite what some people like to think here, this school is not a party school, though there's still plenty of things to do with friends. Food sucks, and the dining hall is instilling new "rules" that are dumb.
This school is a perfect fit for me
Very small very liberal college. If you do not lean all the way left, keep your head down and do your work. Otherwise, it's an okay school that will make sure you have an internship before you graduate. There are professors who mark you down if you don't agree with their personal views. The dining hall food is horrible.
A small campus that I didn't even know existed until I started applying to schools but I'm so happy I chose to come here! The campus itself is beautiful, especially in the fall and spring. You make great relationships with your professors and classmates that help you exceed in and out of the classroom. There's always some type of event happening.
I love everything about Lasell. Students have the chance to become really independent and grow but also branch out of their comfort zones and create new friendships. Its a very accepting and involved community. The diversity is great; students come from all over. Academics are top notch and really prepare us for the future. Endless opportunities!
I have absolutely loved my 4 years at Lasell University. I chose to get involved on campus as much as I could and develop great connections with my professors. This allowed me to excel both in the classroom and outside of the classroom. Lasell's professors truly want their students to succeed and are always available to help their students.
Lasell is the best community I have ever experienced before. My professors in the Education Department are so accomodating and insightful. Because of the small class sizes, I can really ensure that I am getting the most out of my classroom experience; if I don't understand something they are so willing to review it privately or with the class.
Lasell is a nice campus but there is barely anything around it. Unless you drive you can have some fun. It is close to the T which is nice but nothing within walking distance. The food is alright you there are hits and misses. Lots of the students are judgemental daddy's money types.
if you are looking to get into the fashion industry this is the school for you.
