don't judge the fact that we're so far in Maine. There is a decent sized city nearby & there is always something you can do on campus.  A lot of opportunities for advancing in your respected field & great people all over the place. Love it here!
It's a party school, too many people smoke pot and drink, making noise all night. The RA's and RD's in the dorms play favorites with the party students to remain popular instead of doing their job and keeping it quiet at 2am on week nights. I don't like the professors general attitudes, and I've met a lot of arrogant people at UMaine Orono.
Growing up mostly in Maine, my goal after high school was to LEAVE!Of course, when it came down to the $, my choices were fewer.  I started reluctantly but soon became really glad I came here. Good professors, and lots of resources.  had always heard of Orono being a 'party school,' but its definitely there if you want it and not around if you dont
Don't listen to the people who say that UMaine is too much of a party school. It's a great place to learn and has a beautiful campus. Most of the professors are extremely helpful and the food is great. Yeah kids party, but it's college. What kid doesn't want to have some fun!?
UMaine is the only school worth going to if you live in state. It has everything on or around campus that you would need. If you're a party animal this is a great place to go party even if you don't attend UMaine. Education wise, classes range from large to small, the campus is beautiful, you can meet someone new everyday. I LOVE UMAINE!
Yes, okay, let's face it, this is a party school. Measurably more so than other schools I've seen, so no, the "college kids party" argument is crap. But it's still a school with a lot of academic potential for those who want to learn, there are teachers who know their stuff, and the campus is beautiful. It's dead center middle of nowhere, though.
You're paying way more than you're getting out of it.
UMaine is in a budget crisis. Classes rarely canceled due to snow when driving conditions are awful, despite a decent number of commuter students. Lots of clubs are inactive/don't advertise. Athletics are a joke. Parking office oversells permits. Tuition is on the rise, quality of professors is low, and outside Maine your degree means very little.
Depending on the program, there are good professors, but overall its a bad experience and getting worse. The President is, from all evidence I've seen, a total crook. The Honors program is still fairly decent, but overall its sad situation culturally and educationally.
Such a great place to learn... I love it at Umaine.
worst investment. School is a joke, nickle and dime you for awful services. Locations looks nice during orientation. Place is a dump rest of the year
Best four years of my life. College is what you make it.
UMaine is a beautiful campus with more opportunities than you can possibly take advantage of. The professors are very helpful and if you put in the effort you will succeed.  Partying is definitely an option, but not a necessity.  If your looking for a big city though, look elsewhere.
Let others be aware of the paper mill in the next town. It lets off a pungent smell that is noticeable every 3 or 4 days. I mention this because with my 3 visits I did not smell it, but on my second day I nearly gagged. Just a heads up.
Simply put, Orono is not a college town. The Umaine campus is miles from the minimal things Orono has to offer. Find something to do here, especially during the winter, or you will become sick of the everlasting boredom.
Overall, I would stay away from attending UMaine at Orono. The students are rarely listened to by staff, and the main concern seems to be to make as much money off of the student's backs as possible.   Word of advice: go somewhere else.
If Umaine got rid of the school of business I feel like the quality of education would go up. Simply put, 10% of this campus works hard (the engineers and science majors) and everyone else is partying. It stinks to be surrounded by ignorance when you're working your butt off for B's in engineering and their lazy and getting A's in finance.
It's a pretty cool school, lots of fun things to do :) The majors are mostly geared towards outdoorsy/liberal arts...so that's not good for people (like me) who want to major in something like criminal justice. Campus is always busy and parties are fun! But it's in the middle of nowhere. Unless you have a car, you're staying on campus! :(
black bear pride
Umaine really is a great place to be. People are generally friendly and the campus is beautiful. People that say it is a party school and excessively loud probably chose to live in one of the dorms close to College Ave (where the frats are). There are people going to parties, but the campus is large and diverse people go there so its easy to fit in
Alright, first of all, Umaine is NOT in the middle of nowhere. Secondly, yes, there are great parties here...but if you don't want to party, you don't have to. Next, the food...is okay, nothing special though. As far as professors, I haven't found any that I've had an issue with. Great school! Very glad with my choice to attend UMO! :)
If you want to be treated as a number perfect school. People have a different personality, just not the location for me i guess.
A great place to be. You have to be into outside activities and adventures, but if you are, you'll love it. A chill area, plenty of weed smoking and crazy parties, and lots of great vibes. Some of the classes are a joke, but other than that, a great university to explore yourself and your surroundings.
You can either show up to work really hard and graduate, or you can show up and party and graduate in a lesser major.
does anyone else here feel like the high ratings and cheesy comments were created by the president and his promotional peoples?UMO has a lot of very intelligent individuals studying and teaching,yet it lacks the personal relationships that are needed between a teacher and a pupil.One can't regret life,next time I would choose differently however.
Good School.
I've always wanted to go to this college, and now I am here and loving it! The teachers are generally nice and understanding. There is a police station on campus instead of like security officers. The atmosphere is really relaxing.
I love the beauty of the school and watching the seasons change on campus. There seems to be always something going on. The professors have all been fantastic and it feels like home there.
Such and amazing school People are wonderful and the surrounding are beautiful Make sure that you make time for a Umaine Mens Ice Hockey game and sit in the student section because you get such a high from the game even if you dont understand hockey.
although the location isn't ideal, umaine will give you a top notch education in a plethora of degree programs, especially if you're an engineer.
If you are going to go to school in Maine I'd go here, or USM. You'll get a great education at both, but UMaine has a great staff... The only plus USM has over UMaine is the location, Portland has a lot more to offer than Orono/Bangor...
Good school, lots of opportunities to succeed and standout.
The best campus life I have ever experienced! Aside from the snowy season, it is gorgeous. The students and staff are great. The overall feel of the campus is relaxing.
Love the campus and the people. The classes are great too, although some very hard.
Fantastic, well-rounded school. People are great and professors seem to care. I've learned so much and met so many great people. Plus if I'm not mistaken we made top 20 party schools in the nation!
Great campus! It's beautiful in the fall. The classes all very structured and the people all very considerate. It may be #19 partying school this year, but when you're not partying you won't be bothered by it. There's plenty of activities and job opportunities. If you plan on going to college near Maine, I highly recommend UMaine at Orono.
Most activities are geared towards the outdoorsy types but there's still something for everyone. It's a very relaxed campus, most students seem to be skimming by, but those who care enough work really hard. This school has great engineering programs and science programs. Can't say much for other majors, as I don't know much about them. Black Bears!
Lovelovelove this school. I love the people and the campus. And I have learned so much. The classes are excellent, the teachers really care.
May not be for everyone, but I definitely recommend looking into UMaine at Orono when college searching. I love it here and am so glad I chose it.
awesome
If you're in-state, it's worth the $, esp. if you have a merit scholarship. Teachers are good, there are clubs, and many parties. That said, 60% of students commute but there's few snow days. I found it hard to make friends living off campus. and, athletics revolve around hockey. Overall, it was better than I thought, but I'm not thrilled either.
Wasn't sure about going here, but absolutely love it now
great amazing school
Located in the middle of nowhere. If you're an outdoorsy type or you like to party hard you'll love it, but otherwise it is boring as hell. Most profs are good but some bad ones really stand out. Difficulty of classes depends widely on major. Be warned, if you are in engineering or science you will not talk to a girl all 4 years.
love it
This is a great school to go to. There is always something to do, the people are great, and the quality of education is fantastic. Overall, awesome college!
Maine day is a great time all around campus. It's a day dedicated to recognizing the natural beauty of Maine, and to get shwasted at the same time. You can also travel to the "Grove," a mile off campus and sometimes find a gathering of hundreds (sometimes thousands) of hammered college kids. - look out for kids longboarding off roofs
people have bad ideas about Umaine, especially when they're from Maine but being from Maine myself I will say Umaine is an amazing school and you get the same experience as you would at an out of state school. Just cheaper!!
a lot of people come here due to finances or proximity to home with low expectations.  This is not something you will regret.  there is a place at UMaine for everyone, it just may take some time to find it.  Don't let stigmas hold you back from enjoying a place that wants to welcome you for exactly who you are.
I'm a math student, and the math department is SORELY lacking. You'd think they'd have a more solid math department at an engineering school. Their online calculus sections are literally a scam, the faculty even tell me "oh I'm so sorry you took that class". Absolutely unacceptable. I'll be transferring after my GPA recovers.
I had low expectations for umo, but I've been very impressed. International Affairs major, every class I've taken so far I've enjoyed. (Not a perfect major, some weird requirements.) There's not a specific "type" of person who goes here. Everyone is welcome. Campus is beautiful, a bit rundown. If you come here, you're gonna need to get outside!!
great place, wouldn't want to go anywhere else!
Great opportunities for engineering and pre-health professions
I love UMaine! Professors have been very good and I have definitely grown as a student during my time here! Is it Princeton? No. Is it Disney World? Nope. But if you are looking for a strong education for a fair price, UMaine is the place to be!
Generally, I feel that I'm getting an good education at a good price (compared to most colleges, these days)
Good choice if you like trees.
Great school,great place to have fun and learn.
All in all a pretty great college
Great School if you don't mind the cold, if you do save yourself the trouble and go somewhere else because it is cold
People are rude and professors don't know what they are doing. UMaine Orono according to local TV news and Newspapers got a Failing Grade across the board from Academics to Living conditions. I'm going to drop out before I graduate and move on to another university.
if you do not mind lonely and cold. Oh, UMO is a great place with lots of lots of trees........
A great school.
A underrated school i am very happy I choose maine.
Average to above average state school.
It's tight. Cheap.
All around okay school. Close to home, which why I'm attending.
UMaine is great!! 3
If you like to party, come to Umaine. If you want good professors that are passionate about teaching go somewhere else. Umaine budget is slowly going down the drain, and it's reflected in the quality of life here as well as the rising admission rate
I love UMaine. It has a very kind student body compared to a lot of other colleges. The teachers are pretty good for the most part, and the food is okay. UMaine is generally cheap and has a lot of school spirit.
Engineering faculty is very hit or miss, sometimes they bend over backwards for you and other times they could care less. Required courses fill up quickly and will push your graduation date back.
