Great!
Good School. Go Black Bears
They would not cancel classes if the world ended. Very dangerous for commuters.
Okay campus. Pretty old and needs renovations on everything.
:-)
It's cold all the time.
Its a good time on the weekends
I'm a Mainer so I am used to the weather. It's particularly chilly up here and the wind brings the smell of the mill occasionally, especially to the freshmen on Hilltop. There are a lot of things happening on and off campus to do. Engineers' paradise and very well funded here. There are a lot of students attending. Try to be an RA to save on money.
The campus is most beautiful in all of the months that most students aren't here. The social scene is rapidly declining as more greek organizations get kicked off campus and classes and housing is overcrowded due to consistent over-acceptance and enrollment of incoming classes. Overcrowding also makes parking a NIGHTMARE.
Orono is perhaps one of the worst college towns of a flagship university in the US.
Nothing to do on or off campus. Ghost town on weekends. Rudenot inclusive students, most of whom have never been outside Maine and it shows. Most profs are good (some bad), but don't expect to make connections.  Very cold. It sucks that Mainers don't have a better cheap option than this.  Most depressing state school ever.
Yes, the weather in the winter is a bit harsh. But if you go to Orono, the weather alone will toughen you up for real life. There are lots of good professors- a lot more than I expected. There are lots of options for classes, and good classes at that. I LOVE the dining halls. Food is pretty good most of the time! Lots of social events & stuff to do
Maine's flagship University!
Love this school the campus is gorgeous
Love it here as a freshman!
Lots of school pride!
I love UMaine
It's pretty secluded from the world, middle of nowhere Maine, so you don't always get the city opportunities, but if you signed up for it you can make it your own and it becomes home.
Besides sketchy Bangor, the next closest things around that are interesting are barely within a 2 hour drive. Hope you have a job to afford gas money.
Good school, good opportunities, low cost.
The community is great and for the most part the professors are very passionate and welcoming.
The only thing holding me back is the reputation that it is a party school, which it is to some people, I personally do not party and I hate having to tell people I go to UMaine and them saying, Oh, that is a party school. I am constantly having to say that every school is a party school, if you personally make it one.  I feel judged by people
The food is not always the best but its edible. In love with the campus and the atmosphere. This is my home away from home and I fell in love with the campus the first time I visited. Not many things to do off campus unless you have a car but there is a good transportation system. Love it here and wouldn't want to go anywhere else
Overall decent, though winter is crappy.  The campus itself is nice and most of the professors are pretty good. A little behind the times in some areas, however.
I only went here because I got a massive scholarship. The people and the professors are nice, but I can't help but feel completely stranded in the middle of nowhere. I feel isolated from anything happening in the world. I am transferring next year. You could love this school, but it just wasn't for me.
Great professors, great classes. Lots of choice in what you take, what you major in. It is a "party school" (like all colleges) so do expect some noise, especially on the weekends. But it's affordable and academically solid-- which wins it major bonus points. It's not head and shoulders above schools, but it isn't behind any either.
Best library ever! Three floors, three levels of quiet conversation, whispers only, and complete silence. Always something going on on or around campus. Food isn't too incredible, but there are plenty of places around to order from! I absolutely love it here.
The library is three floors of great communities; quiet conversations, whispering only, and complete silence. You can find your place anywhere. Always something to do somewhere, just walk outside! Food isn't great, but there are plenty of local restaurants to choose from!
If you want an exciting location, don't come here. Orono is a sleepy little town. There are lots of cool places, but they won't sustain you if you want something big. Food is decent. The campus is pretty but cold. The rec center is really nice - pool, hot tub, machines, everything. Professors are mixed, as most schools. It does have the party rep.
Started here back in 2012 and now I'm a senior. Not a bad school, with a beautiful campus, although the majority of the year is freezing. Greek life is pretty prominent, although I'm not a part of one. Love the rec center, and dining halls were pretty decent last time I checked. Close to Bangor too, so you're not too far from "the city".
Professors and instructors don't really know their stuff and a lot of students can be two faced. It's an OK school but over rated. A lot of hidden fees.
I grew up in Maine, so the weather was not an issue for me. Regardless, it's a great school nestled in a beautiful community. I hate "The grove," but that's the only drawback. Great teachers, great atmosphere.
The University of Maine offers a lot for its students. There is a vast number of clubs and there are loads of campus activities. You just have to be willing to put yourself out there and you will see that this is an amazing school.
Umaine is well-known as a party school, so if that's your shtick then you've come to the right place. Unfortunately, it also means we have a low reputation and people often make snide comments about how easy it is to get in. The campus is beautiful ONLY 1/2 the year. Snow/rain make it a muddy ugly mess for the other half. Food/Internet are alright.
Well known party and safe school for many. Don't expect much and you won't be disappointed with the general swath of degrees. The engineering and forestry schools are supposably outstanding, I can't speak to this it is just word of mouth.
It's in Northern Maine.... Not much going on.
Great School!! Easy to get accepted, however what you are in the classes are tough and it is hard to stay here. But other than that the professors are helpful, beautiful campus, great library and recreation center!
The University of Maine is absolutely beautiful. It is Maine's flagship state university and the only national research university in Maine. We have 2 national championships in hockey, and all of our sport games are extremely fun to go to! Overall  I just love this place. I'm an out of stater pursing my masters degree and couldn't be happier!
Some professors try to influence you to believe what they do rather than teach you new ideas. You are educated enough to believe what you are told but not enough to question it. Innovation is not promoted.
Wicked good
UMaine is the state's flagship university. This is a fact that you will be reminded of constantly.   Honestly: it's okay. I can't really complain, personally. The school is not prestigious by any means and will certainly screw you over from time to time, but I still love it. It's my home. A home I share with some absolutely wonderful people.
I loved my first year but this year was different. I was very stressed first semester with school and almost ended up transferring to USM after this year because it's "boring" up there and because of someone back home. The last two months I realized its the people that make the place and UMaine has amazing people even though there's not much to do.
I have been a student at this school for a very long time. As a part time undergraduate, I spent eight years, now I'm back for another three as a part time graduate five years later.  I am in love with the culture of this University, enjoy my interactions with faculty and staff, and am happy to see so many more people come for a quality education!
Love the campus
Best school in the nation
Common areas could be more comfortable.
..
THI?S? PLACE IS HORRID!!!!!
Love this school!
There's a lot to do on campus and it's all super close, especially if you love the outdoors. Winter is a bit tougher because it gets so cold and snowy in Maine, however there is always free ice skating and hockey games in the Alfond. The gym is also really nice and free to students. Orono isn't bustling but if you need something you'll find it.
Engineering is hard. Business is easy.
Great for Band, Engineering, and Business.
Not a lot to do up here. Intramural sports is hard to do if you don't have a lot of friends. Hard to meet people
UMaine is a great State University
Here it is really easy to get involved, there is a ton to do just make an effort and find an organization for you! Greek Life and club sports are really welcoming and easy to get involved in. Campus is really pretty as well as the nature around it if you enjoy being outside.
UMaine is my home! I honestly don't want to leave. There's a real sense of community here that you can't get anywhere else. Once I graduate, I'll be proud to say UMaine is my Alma Mater.
Wouldn't recommend going here.
It's a good school, I enjoy it here
Umaine only cares about money. The administrators do not care about the quality of student life or education. Students are dollar signs, not people.
overall nothing special for a school.  Not a lot to do.
The worst part about UMaine is that Orono is a really tiny town with not a lot to do. If you don't have a car you may get bored but with one, Bangor's close. Nice staff, pretty campus, good food for college. Overall I'm proud to be a black bear!
UMaine was my last choice but now that I'm here I love it! Highly recommend joining Alternative Breaks, one of the most popular clubs on campus. Although a lot of buildings need makeovers, overall classes aren't bad. I would recommend others to come here!
I live in Maine, but UMaine gives you a chance to experience the best of Maine, the caring atmosphere, and beautiful scenery without being so far into the woods that you feel in the middle of nowhere.  You also aren't thrown right into a city and surrounded by so many people you feel lost. There is a place and club for everyone. It feels like home.
The University of Maine in Orono is a large campus with plenty to do. Although the weather might not always be sunny, there is always something going on in a building when you can't be outside. The campus is close enough to Bangor  so you can travel 15 minutes to a movie theater and a trampoline park!
the flagship of maine. great place to be. very cool hockey program.
I thoroughly enjoyed my time at the University of Maine. I even went back a couple of years later for Grad School. It's charming, great sense of community, rural but fun... truly a great place.
Great School!!
Quaint, quiet, and the location is centered between woods and city.  There is something for everyone, as long as you put in the effort to find it!
It's a decent school, but not a whole lot to do in the area. As a transfer, it was sort of difficult (and still is) to make friends. I wish I transferred to a more "academic" school, a lot of people come here partially to party. My professors are mostly great, but it feels a bit empty for me. Slim options for internships, as Portland is far.
Beautiful campus, very well regarded. Highly educated staff, excellent class offerings.
Campus has some great architecture and GREAT nature around. Engineering students: Guaranteed you're going to get a job within 6 months of graduating. Great resources and clubs. I really wish that the campus was less car oriented, but that's what you get when you choose a rural setting over an urban.
Nice campus in a quiet town. Loved it!
Good school, everyone thinks it isn't good but it is. Sketchy, but a beautiful place.
It's just a fun friendly place with a lot of good people, but it is cold as all get out in the winter
For the most part, this school is good. Some things need updating, and I wish they would offer more graduate programs, but overall, I'm happy with my choice to go here.
As a transfer that lived off campus from the start, I would recommend living on campus. While I did not personally stay there but I had many friends who did and they said they missed the simplicity of it. I had a hard time making friends as a transfer off campus student. Many people keep to themselves in class. PARKING AND DRIVING HERE IS AWFUL.
its good
