It's a fine school, but you get what you pay for. I'm not a fan of the dining hall food, and the food in the union is pricey but worth the money. Go out, make friends, do good in your classes, and you'll have a good time.
Great school for specific majors. Lots of social/extracurricular opportunities to be had and great night life. Most people are very friendly here.
DON'T JOIN THE ENGLISH DEPARTMENT!! IF YOU WANT TO BE AN ENGLISH MAJOR, GO ELSEWHERE!! The political rigmarole to graduate is nonsensical and the adviser system is miserable.
It's an ok School, but if you have to study all the time there's no real opportunity to make friends. You also need a Car or a good grasp of the Bus schedule if you want to get off campus, and even then there's not much going on around here.
It's a home away from home, as the quaint campus in the heart of Orono makes for a lovely atmosphere. The winters can be harsh, but nothing beats walking down the mall in late summer and early fall. Everyone is friendly and helpful, and the network is great for after-graduation employment. The University is also well-respected. I highly recommend.
This is basically an Engineering school, and in my experience in four years here most other majors are not taken as seriously by campus in general. If you love the outdoors though, there is no better place than a central Maine campus.
University of Maine is a great campus (This may be biased as I'm from the area)! It's really beautiful, whether you're on the mall or walking on one of the many paths. It is heavily STEM oriented but there are plenty of non-STEM areas to choose from. A lot of the buildings are old but they keep up for their age! Also, the nature is beautiful! :)
This school is money hungry, they accepted so many students that all of us are not able to get the classes we need to graduate. Then when you finally get enrolled in next semesters classes you get emails saying they overbooked a class and you will be unenrolled. Mostly horrible, put out, outdated professors too. This university is a big joke.
Very good engineering and nursing school... besides that... pretty average
Wonderful campus and overall a place that lets you go as far as you want to go (with work). There are ups and downs everywhere but UMaine is overall a good place to find oppurnities to learn, socialize and explore the outdoors.
The Umaine campus is nice and the location is good with access to plenty of hiking, camping, and fishing spots. As an MEE student there are opportunities for internships in the area, you just have to look. One complaint would be with certain departments not listing who the professor is for a class before enrollment opens, math for example.
Transferred to UMaine in 2015 and I couldn't have been happier with my decision. The campus atmosphere is warm and welcoming. UMaine has the large campus appeal but the professors acknowledge and treat each student with respect. I didn't feel like I was just a number here.
I transferred here my freshman year and have loved it every since! The campus is beautiful all year long, great teachers, actual choices for food, and the mall is a great place to just hang out. Plus the library has literally everything you could need. Books  Food  Study Area  Nap
it pretty good
this school made me miserable. teachers could care less if you pass & good luck if you're sick and need attention. I went to the cutler center when i had a concussion and they said i had to make an appointment which i couldn't get for two weeks. Police are everywhere and it is honestly not fun. everyone tries to hype this school up, it's overrated.
Great school in a decent location. It's a larger school, but has that small-school feel. Close knit community. TONS of opportunities around the area. School doesn't always get the respect it deserves.
Great school. Teachers are amazing and there are so many opportunities. Ive never hated a class.
The tuition has gone up every year I have been here. The money that you pay will not be worth the professors you will get. they'll get more money out of you any way they can and their websites are very difficult to navigate. All and all a regular average disappointment. for the sake of being fair, there are some good professors and aspects to UMO
I love it here, but the food sincerely needs a LOT of work.
This is a beautiful campus, unfortunately not super close to anything. The community is great, professors are always willing to help and there are plenty of opportunities if you look for them. Unfortunately food leaves a lot to be desired.
I love this school, I moved all the way across the country to be here. I wish it were closer to things but you just have to make a day out of activities that are beautiful.
This is an absolutely horrible school. This is where phds with failed dreams wind up.
The professors here really want you to succeed and if you reach out they will be more than willing to help you. Coming to this school was the best decision of my life so far. The food is alright, not much variety, but I can live with it. The campus is really pretty, especially with the change of seasons. The students here are also really nice.
I may just be a freshman this year but so far I really love being at UMaine and I cant wait to see what else UMaine will offer me
campus looks mediocre. Food is awful. Not a cool place. Maine is lame
The college of our hearts... Dining hall food is garbage though
To anyone looking to come to Orono, no matter who you are you will find really cool friends who share your interests! Orono culture is all about hiking and being outdoors. There is a really sick ski group you can become a part of (IT GETS COLD!) There are also 18+ clubs around open thurs-saturday night, and plenty of other things to do as well!!!
Overall average, good place to concentrate on school.
Umaine is a good school but if you are not from Maine it can be a little frustrating. Also snow clean up also sucks.
I love this place, it has everything I could ever want in a college and a degree program which continually challenges me and exposes me to new opportunities. Public transportation is not always super reliable, though
UMaine NEEDS to have a faculty MAKEOVER. Esp . for child dev. college. I see why they are at risk for getting rid of the major. Professors PUSH their AGENDAS on you, ignore the SYLLABUS, and disregard what you're PAYING to be there for. 'Fake' students need to be enrolled as real without telling anyone to get an accurate glimpse of this ISSUE.
go maine
Overall great campus. Facilities are aging but they're trying to keep up with it, biggest problem is parking since student attendance over the last few years has been rising consistently. Other than that its just a problem with Orono. There's nothing there. If you go to Bangor there's things to do but even there, entertainment is limited.
there is not much to do around here, plenty of opportunities to meet new people if you put yourself out there, dorms and buildings are very outdated, parking is horrible as more students come every year with their cars.
Small college town at the northern edge of the last "real" civilization for the upper half of the state. If you're outdoors oriented in any aspect this area along with the whole state of Maine boasts ample opportunities for all. The campus is old and so are its buildings. The past few years night life in town has declined due to frats.
Pros: social life/ Greek life easy to meet a lot of new people professors are above average Cons the food gets old very very quick and Well>Hilltop Dorms walls are thin location is in the middle of no where Maine but there is Bangor to shop Winter
teachers could be better especially in the psychology program
This is a really great college, love the different options for classes and majors and minors. This is a very big campus but everything is within walking distance.
This school has a graduation rate in 4 years of 30%. If you're not prepared to drop a class per semester because you've partied too much, this isn't the school for you
UMaine is a pretty standard campus. Not hard to get lost, there's plenty of opportunities to get connected and many resources at your disposal regardless of the major you choose, but I do think the RAs can be a little too strict and nosy. The wi-fi has its occasional issues and the food definitely needs improvement, very mediocre and unhealthy.
It's a pretty good school with lot of opportunities if you're willing to try
Very isolated; not very many bar or restaurant options. Not a lot of things to do for fun. Im from Massachusetts and can honestly say Maine is not like the rest of New England.
The campus facilities are just god awful. They are going building to building ripping ethernet ports out of the walls in some half brained scheme to save the university money. All the wifi I get consistant wifi download speeds of 70kb/s on a good day. You'll find a better univeristy in the South Sudan than you'll find in Orono, Maine.
Not too big, not too small. The people here are really nice, and I very much enjoy it here.
Too much of an emphasis on Greek life and sports.
University of Maine is a disappointing school that is going downhill. The social scene sucks; everybody moves off campus after freshman year, and while it's fun to have apartments, parties get busted within under an hour. It's pointless to even try. The campus is beautiful on one half and looks disgusting on the other half. Food is bad.
This campus is large and beautiful. It's not a university that has a lot going on nearby. There are no major cities to travel to and experience. But, it is also not in the middle of nowhere, there is a mall and plenty of places to shop nearby. It really is a school that you get out what you put in. This is the school for nature lovers.
What a horrible place. An absolutely pathetic institution of higher education set in the middle of nowhere. There's a reason it's called U M Zero.
It is definitely "what you put in is what you put out" You'll meet a lot of out of state people - many from Mass and Maine, a few from Conn, and some from NH. Joining Greek life or a sports club 1st/2nd semester/sophomore year I recommend to open your social connections and create leadership opportunities. Meet people on your floor 2 make friends
