Go to Umaine
Having never seen the campus in person before attending due to COVID, I was pretty disappointed. The dorms were run down and didnt have accessible stalls in the bathrooms which was necessary for me to bring service dog. It made showering a pain. The food is god awful. I even found what I pray was just beard hair in my food. I ate ramen mostly.
Hard during covid, but I really like it.
Party school 100%. The people here are mostly basic party-goers who are only there for the "experience" and have little class. Parties during a pandemic, tons of sex and drug activity, and if you're a commuter you will make 0 friends. Everyone sticks to their own clique and if you stand out you're ostracized. It's like high school, but bigger.
I think that there are definitely some things UMaine can fix up as a school. But if you apply yourself (unlike most of the commenters) it is fairly easy to meet some kind people and make some special friendships while attending the University of Maine. You really only get what you give, but it's like that everywhere.
Not really worth all the hype it gets, but it's alright.
I transferred from Orono due to mental health. The off campus life is pretty depressing, and focused on drinking. Looking back though most of the business school teachers where great and I actually miss some of them. Compared to other state schools, Umaine has a good academic community and is a great place to interact with professors.
I transferred to Orono, and while I don't LOVE it here I believe it is a good school. It is not the party school its made out to be, it really is what you make it. Living off campus is great and there are things to do if you try. Great professors, good people, and affordable. Not a top of the line school, but a solid option.
Food is bad, dorms are gross. School is breaking federal law by not providing disability access. Horrible local healthcare. Assaults and hate crimes are mostly ignored. Only reason I'm here is for the honors program and financial aid. Also, we're on Wabanaki land and they begged the school not to open during the pandemic. School said f you.
Absolutely a party school. If you live in the avenue, orchard trails, the reserve, or on campus, you can essentially find something to do any night of the week. If you don't make friends super easily, it may get lonely. All I will say is get involved. Greek life, clubs, sports; it doesn't matter, just meet people.
Not good not bad. Some lecture halls are run down and have many broken seats and half desks
I have been at this school for four years. As far as college campuses go, I feel like UMaine is the average. Personally I had an amazing time going to school here. I made a lot of friends and there were plenty of great opportunities. I can't imagine having gone to school anywhere else.
It's a run of the mill school, pretty average
Super pretty campus, there are some really great professors that love to chat and help you figure out what you want to do, under-hyped school overall
Horrible experience at a horrible university, if you want to call it that. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. Orono is the pits.
Just about the worst state school in the nation. Little wonder enrollment is dropping in the double digits percentage wise. Do yourself a favor and look elsewhere. I wish I did.
