Very expensive school for the education and college experience you receive.  Students would be better off attending a State College or University.
Keuka is expensive for the quality of education you receive. They "nickel and dime you to death" with small, hidden expenses that can add up to BIG money. For example, one year I was billed for a having a double room because my roomate decided the drop out before the semster started. There is little assistance finding work after you graduate.
It is beautiful and everyone here is extremely nice.
This is a college that overcharges you for a crappy education.  Half the professors are biased.  The President makes more money than he deserves.  This campus is like a high school.  They have so many rules and regulations that they don't allow people to grow up. Because of this the campus is filled with immature people.  The food sucks!!
There is NO reason to do poorly at Keuka, tutors are always available and they will help you with papers or preparing for exams. Profs and Docs are always available to talk to (in my experience) and often stay after classes or labs to help you. If you make the time and put forth effort for successful, Keuka's infrastructure is there to support you.
Keuka has a BEAUTFULL campus! ASk, professors and tutors are always willing to help you with a paper or studing for an exam. If you make the time and put forth effort for successful, Keuka's Staff is there to support you. People who attend Keuka are very nice and welcoming.
It is very reminiscent of high school. like others said it is expensive for the quality of education. There is not a lot of diversity with students and professors. other than the education part of it I enjoyed the campus it has a very "community" feel to it and small town.
This school tries to get money out of you wherever possible. The parking here is completely ridiculous and the rules treat us like we are children.   Most R.A.s are power hungry and thus force us to go off campus in order to have a good time, which then puts your safety is jeopardy because you need transportation to and from everywhere.
This school tries to get money out of you wherever possible. The parking here is completely ridiculous and the rules treat us like we are children.   Most R.A.s are power hungry and thus force us to go off campus in order to have a good time, which then puts your safety is jeopardy because you need transportation to and from everywhere.
There is nothing to do on the weekends for the underclassmen on campus and there's not a lot to do off campus. Many of the students on campus are unfriendly. The food in the Geiser has made me feel sick. Many of the clubs only help the upperclassmen and the underclassmen are expected to fundraise for them.
Expensive? Yes. Education is worth it if you put in the effort. Great people. Beautiful location. Caring professors with strong backgrounds in their prior fields. Poor residence life department as highlighted by other posts. Would i go there again if given the chance? Absolutely.
This is a school for people who do not want to attend a large college, and have the money. Tuition is very high.
If you are looking for a large university where you can get away with partying more than you go to class, Keuka is not the school for you. If you want a small, hands-on college that will well prepare you for a career after graduation then enroll at Keuka. It is a PRIVATE college, of course it is going to be expensive just like all others in NY.
The campus is nice and small. It is a school for those who are focused on their future and want field experience before graduation. If you want to get away with underage partying this is probably not the school for you. People go home on most weekends. The school is private and very expensive, most people feel they do not get what they pay for.
Not worth the money.
ASAP program is unorganized and disfunctional
Not a school that I would recommend to anyone.
Will not recommend it.
Terrible teachers, terrible food, terrible campus. A complete waste of money
If I have a choice I won't come here again
Weak students. Library hours could be better. Faculty and administration will do anything just to keep students happy. Some great faculty left the school. What more can I say. No more comments.
If you want a well rounded experience, go else where. Just horroundous.
Just graduated. If I have to do it again, I will not dream of applying here. Such a terrible school. Teachers are afraid of student evaluation. Thats not a good way to teach. Two good teachers left in the last two years. I don't blame them.
Why I chose to spend 4 years of my life there is beyond me Everyone should stay away
It's definitely a beautiful campus, well the lake part anyway. It's not as bad as other posts has made it sound. The professors I've had so far are pretty great. The food is horrendous. It is expensive, but depending on your major it's worth the money.
Food selections are minimal and most dorm halls are outdated and dirty
Yes this school has its downs, but it's so beautiful and makes you feel at home. The food is not the best, but some meals can be good and get the deli, it is always good. The staff is nice especially the nurses office is great, so nice and depending. Some professors could use some up do's, but otherwise it's really nice.
