The only way for the Geiser food to get worse is if the building was knocked down and there was no food. There needs to be more on campus for students to do and places to go. It's a good thing that the campus is pretty because there's nothing here to do besides look at it.
I love Keuka. The food isn't the best for picky eaters like myself. There are the people who don't like the school, but you'll find that at any school. I happen to prefer to be there than at home. I don't have many friends, but it is easy to talk to just about anyone at school. I'm in a few great clubs and they're easy to find and join.
When you get down to the nitty gritty Keuka isn't that great. However the friend group and the people that you meet while you attend the college makes up for some of those things, or makes them seem less blah. The friends that I have made at this school will stick with me for the rest of my life. For the most part we all have each others back.
There are no parties here what so ever. I have driven 2 1/2 hours home every weekend. A lot of sloppy people. Not much to do here ever. I sit in my room and watch Netflix a lot. I find the education mediocre.
It's a nice school. There's a good view of the lake but there's not really anything to do in town. For people looking for a small, quiet campus, this is the place.
amazing college!
It literally sucks here don't come
You can walk around the entire school are around twenty minutes. The staff and faculty are amazing and always willing to help. The school is on a lake and they are currently expanding. The only downside is that it is in the middle of rural Upstate New York.
It all sucks, they don't help you out on your field period which they pride themselves on. Its basically high school and the food sucks. Spare yourself from coming  here.
4 years, 1 teacher, a run down art building. I watched people in the science and education get state of the art equipment and a team of instructors for their major. 1 teacher, 12 students, if you aren't going to invest the money to make that program equivalent to others offered, don't have the program at all. Not worth what this "school" charges.
Small school. You have a chance to be a big fish in a small pond, so do it.
Good campus, with amazing scenery.  Professors are attentive for the most part.  Access to an array of clubs.  As an education major, love that I can work with the DRIVE program and get experience working with individuals with disabilities as a work study. Weekend and night life is mediocre at best but you develop great friendships out here!
This campus is located in the heart of the Finger Lakes, right on the shore of Keuka Lake. Although our campus is beautiful, parking is an issue. There is also not much to do around the area.
The buidlings are old, teachers aren't great, internet is very spotty and bad
The location is gorgeous, but it's kind of in the middle of no where. All the professors are pretty great. There's so many clubs on campus to keep you busy. The food could use some improvements, but they're working on that.
This school sucks do not attend. Campus safety is glorified parking enforcement. This school is essentially a glorified high school. They do not treat you like an adult, but more of a high school student. Involves the biggest scam of making you go to classes you already paid for. If you do not attend you fail!
I don't love it here, it could use some improvements. Feels like high school.
