The environment where the college is located is exotic, no doubt about it. Although the campus is great as well the professor too. There are stuff and counselor frequently says they are here to support but in case of you really need their support they won't support you, they may ignore you instead. Just be aware of it! Keuka College
Now that I am being here for two years, I'm able to see much more than what a visitor or a freshman can see about how careless are must of the employee.
I had ants in my dorm for almost a month and they took forever to do anything about it. Almost no work studies available. Very small party campus. Be prepared to park in a muddy parking lot and walk a million miles to your dorm, and its uphill to go back to your car.
horrible. smh.
The WORST decision I have ever made was attending Keuka College. Unless you're going for their OT program, run. Overpriced, glorified high school. Staff is extremely unhelpful and never on the same page. Financial Aid/Student Accounts department is terrible, double check your bill for mistakes because there always is one. Will be transferring!!
gives you tons of opportunities to get real word experience and build your resume, whether through on-campus jobs or the yearly Field Period. Dorms are spacious with tons of storage, there's always something to do on campus. Food could be better but it's improved a lot!
Keuka college is one of the best traps around. They trick you into coming here with opportunity's for internships do me one is required each year. But they do not help you whatsoever with finding or contacting these places. They do not allow off campus living and the dorms are terrible. Do not come here, save the time money and stress.
Whoever says Keuka is a good school is either a bit or too brainwashed to know any better. The only food thing about the school is the friends you make, but they eventually transfer after a semester or two and youre left with no friends. Housing is terrible and feels like a prison sentence.
After being here for 2 years; I see the downsides and upsides, just like every college has. Yes some of the dorms could be better, but Ive seen a lot worse other places. The education and opportunities youll receive are unmatched. Ive never had an issue with parking and the entire staff is willing to work with you whatever your need may be.
DO NOT GO TO SCHOOL HERE!!!!!!!!!!
really good school. I like it.
