I transferred to Ithaca, so I know what it's like to be at a different school, and transferring to Ithaca was the best decision I ever made! The friends I made there will be with me forever! The Protestant Community is a wonderful place to make friends and worship God. The people are what make this school absolutely incredible!!!
left this awful school and transferred. Worst school ever
Ithaca is a great school and is in a great town. People tend to forget the town when picking colleges but as far as the city goes its fun, its clean, and there is always something interesting to do. Of course the college itself is also great, the professors are fantastic and the proximity to Cornell means all of the events there are also available.
It's a bit cold but I had the time of my life.
Awesome communications school. So happy I chose Ithaca!
IC is an incredible school, especially for communications majors, health sciences majors, and theatre majors. You will learn an incredible amount from people who have real world experience, and your journey will be shaped by the people you surround yourself with.
The area is fantastic and I love waking up to the view of the lake. It's hilly here, so you'll have to trek uphill for dinner most nights. the gym is great and you won't walk more than 15 minutes from your dorm to get to your farthest class. It's my freshman year and I absolutely love the Park school. The sports are fun to attend.
Cornell is where the parties are; Circle apartment parties get busted fast. Get a TCAT bus pass at the beginning of the year, its worth it. Bring warm layers and be prepared for wind. Majority of teachers really care and advisers are decently helpful depending on who you have. Great school, lots of opportunities, dorms are very warm, go here.
I love attending Ithaca College. But to be completely honest, I do think we lack diversity (I'm a minority btw)most of the minorities tend to stick together. There are cliques at this school but nevertheless, everyone is friendly with everyone else. As a communications major (a Parkie), it's hard enrolling into Park classes (too many parkies).
Go Television-Radio!! If you're an incoming freshman, do first year housing--you'll meet more people this way. I didn't, which is one of my only regrets. The campus is beautiful, especially the fountains when they're on. Dining Halls are okay, you'll get sick of them easily. The Roy H. Park School of Communications has a great alumni connection!
The town of Ithaca is WONDERFUL. Great mix of people and awesome food, music, and things to do. Ithaca College, however, is sort of in it's own little bubble on top of the hill. The Park school is really hands on and I love it. TONS of extra-curriculars and resume building opportunities. Party scene could be improved.
This is a great campus for the social butterflies. Not so good for Buddhist practitioners like myself who like solitude. Decent location, and a short walk/drive/bike ride to the Ithaca Commons. I feel like we are given too much homework, but that is only my opinion. I can tolerate the campus overall.
Amazing School! Had the choice of attending three top Big Ten Schools, Three Pac-12 schools, and Six ACC/Big East Schools(MSU, UMICH, PU-WL, U of AZ, UCLA, UCSB, BU, Northeastern, UVM, UCONN, CUSE, amongst others) but choose IC because they allow you to be an individual amongst 6000+ yet you're not a number unlike MSU and others.
Ithaca's pretty chill. You should come here :)
Great school. Bring a jacket. Winter in Ithaca can kill.
good local bud
I felt like a number there and didn't think that it was worth the money to attend a school that had programs designed to weed out the not so serious people. I went there to learn and ended up being discouraged by the professors.
Ithaca is in a beautiful location surrounded by nature and culture. Almost anyone can feel at home here. Winters are long and it rains a lot but when the weather finally gets nice and you get a chance to swim at the gorges it makes it all better!
Ithaca is the greatest place on Earth, hands down. There is a place for everyone here.
Ithaca is hands down the best.
It's a great school! Excellent professors and great peers too! The downtown is closeby and has tons of shops and amazing food. Be prepared for snow and stairs though or you'll be miserable.
Great school. My top choice. The education here is incredible and worth the money. Beautiful campus. Wonderful, dedicated, talented professors.
I don't think I could of chosen a better school to go to. I'm so proud to be an IC student!
Ithaca is a great all around college experience. Some professors are excellent, others not so much. The food in one of the dining halls is terrible but the other two mostly make up for it. I feel that I'm receiving a great education and I'm not worried about getting a job after graduation.
IC is a beautiful campus, and there are some great professors here, but I've been surprised by how unenjoyable a lot of my classes are. Every year, more and more students are admitted, and every year, a lot of professors just seem to care less about what they teach and whether their students learn or not. It's unfortunate.
its da bomb
LOVE THIS SCHOOL
Ithaca is such a fun, comfortable environment to live in, and has insanely beautiful views from campus.
I love it here. It helps to join a club or sports team, otherwise you may feel left out. The only draw back is no greek life, but the clubs and people make up for it. I suggest finding a group to be a part of. If you don't you may end up being one of those kids who doesn't like it here, but that is only because you haven't branched out.
Its a great school with a lot to offer. The size is great and the teachers are willing to help if you seek it. There are so many resources that its hard to fail if you take advantage of them. The community is great and the dinning halls are fine but the food court has good food. Definitely should consider it! The college town is number one !
I definitely know I made the right choice by coming to Ithaca. It truly is "gorges".  It has a great reputation, great professors, great activities, everything.  It also doesn't hurt having a gorgeous view to look over while on campus.  If you're thinking about attending Ithaca, great! But remember your boots and gloves.. Ithaca is very cold.
The school is super intense about the PT/OT Programs, the Communication school, and the Music school, but other majors are small and lack funding. The campus is small and compact which is nice, but since we're on a hill it can be brutal. The internet is AWFUL (I get better connection in my room than in the library). Expensive, but good all around.
I'm only a freshman, but I'm having he time of my life and made the best friends ever. In. Love. With. Ithaca.
best
Ithaca College is unique in that there is something here for everyone. There is amazing diversity in terms of academic programs, although the student body can seem pretty homogeneous at times. The campus is beautiful but beware of long, frigid winters. Over all I think IC is a great place and I'm thankful every day that I decided to go here.
Everyone at Ithaca is so laid back, and the work load is pretty good. The Professors don't want to just throw work at you, they want you to understand and expand on the ideas they give you.
gr8
Great college in a beautiful  part of the country.
It's my home away from home! It's small enough to walk around campus and see people you know, but big enough where you can meet someone new every day! I love it :)
I love it.
i luv ithaca
The campus is absolutely beautiful and has plenty to offer.
Ya its cold, but its also home
ithaca is a great place to be. The best college town in america and the beautiful views from campus really brighten your day. I recomend either playing a sport or getting involved in clubs to meet people. The health science, and communications schools are fantastic.
This college is such a great place to be. It's full of great people, amazing professors, and opportunities that most other colleges can't offer. You won't regret coming here.
Totally love this school to death! I just wish it wasn't so cold and the food was a lot better. The food is by far the worst thing about Ithaca College.
It's aight.
As a minority at the school, I'll admit you'll run into a few shady people, but for the most part the school and community as a whole is really open minded. It's a college-town, but it's also hippie central. Overall, "Spliff-aca" is a great place to spend four years.
Ithaca is not only a great school, but a great community. Love, love, love it here.
Ithaca is the best school for certain majors; specifically physical therapy and anything in communications. But besides that, Ithaca is still in a beautiful location and you would be lucky to go here.
I can't imagine myself at any other school- it's perfect for me.
