Great People
No comments
Great place if you apply yourself and have an academic passion. Connecting your passion to clubs and other groups is key
Absolutely the greatest place on earth. The park school of communications is my favorite place to spend time, whether I'm at class or not. So happy I chose Ithaca over my other options!
Love Ithaca!
Best place to be.
Ithaca is the place to go if you want to be somewhere you can be yourself and grow as a person
It's the best college town in america. There is a great sense of community and its not as rural as outsiders might make it seem.
Ithaca College is probably the most awesome school ever. I couldn't imagine myself more happy anywhere
It is great, but not at all handicap accessible. If you cannot walk up five flights of stairs please consider other colleges. The best example is the office of accessibility services is on the top of a hill in a tower. Aside from that it is "gorges" and the town is very cute.
IC is the place to be!
It's a small private college with old school outdated principles and ideas with a community ran by sheltered, white, middle to upper class, upstate New Yorkers. The eportfolio and themes system is tedious and pointless, especially for transfer students.
I love it here. Great community feel and close to Cornell making the social aspect even better.
Really pretty campus in the spring, summer, and fall. Dorms aren't that nice but  better than some others. Food is eh, the Pub is the best but costs extra, and you can always order food. Bus system sucks!! Elevators in towers are always broken. Told people were nice, and for the most part they are but i havent encountered too many of them really.
Love it here at Ithaca! Being so close to Cornell means the town is full of college kids & there's always something to do.
Sometimes finding a party is a challenge & be ready to WALK
Ithaca is an absolutely beautiful place to live. You get the opportunity to have the big school vibe because of Cornell right around the corner, and also on Cortaca, yet you get the opportunity to a small, private school education also. The faculty and staff are amazing and there are so many options for clubs and other social activities!
there are definitely ups and downs on every campus but Ithaca is beautiful and full of really devoted professors and students.
Happy that this was my first choice.
So glad I chose IC!  Couldn't be happier
Fairly typical liberal arts college. Cannot beat the location. Anyone who is conservative might be in for a culture shock. Small classes, dedicated professors, great music and communications programs. There is something here for everyone.
Great school for communications, most professors actually care about what they're teaching. Campus has it's good and bad points, but generally it's ok. Eclectic mix of people. Awesome downtown scene, but decent nightlife. All-around I'm happy I go here.
Lovely environment, lots of activities and things do on campus, great professors that care about students, winters are horrible beware of the cold
Ithaca is a beautiful town and the campus is nice. Very liberal community. Great professors and programs if you are looking for a well rounded liberal arts education.  Good luck printing anything in under 15 minutes or finding a table at the library, and the food is mediocre. Kind of lame party scene that involves lots of walking.
Ithaca College is a great place to meet new people, explore different opportunities, and develop into a better person. Ithaca's strongest asset is it's students who are very easy going and accepting. There are tons of different opportunities and many paths you can go down. The weather here is great! (If you like winter)
You have to choose carefully with your professors. Either wise, it is a great school.
Coming to IC is one of the best choices I've ever made. The food can be a bit repetitive, the gen ed requirement system is a pain, but besides that I have no complaints. Lots of opportunities to get involved in clubs for professional experience or just for fun, professors are accessible and helpful, and I truly love being a student here.
Great place!
Ithaca College was the worst decision of life so far. The classes are okay but the people are not my kind of people (very stuck up). The campus always smells like cigarettes & they're littered EVERYWHERE. The food was absolutely vile. Worms were found in the food a few times and I got food poisoning multiple times. This place isn't worth the money
I love this campus. It is so picturesque and beautiful that my snapchat stories while going to class are the bomb.
I'm honestly really bad at making decisions. But coming here but one of my few amazing decisions. the campus: Beautiful. Mesmerizing in the fall, elegant in the winter. It is clean looking and looks over lake Cayuga. The food: Not bad! The Classes: I have honestly learned so much. one of my favorite thing abt it here is the class size
I definitely made the right decision!
I go here because I have a scholarship and is only a couple of hours away. The people who go here are pleasant for the most part. Most of the professors here are competent. The ICC ( our special liberal arts curriculum) is total bull and force you to take courses you have zero interest in. The ICC also makes scheduling difficult
I really really love my school.
The campus climate is awful, you will be forced to share certain political opinions or be ostricisized.  Also, no party life whatsoever and the bar scene is disappointing.  Depending on the major some programs are very strong and others are equally lacking. Professors are hit or miss but basically all push the same political agenda. Beware.
GORGES
It is what it is.
The academics here are very good and I feel as if I have indeed learned a lot. However, it is very hard to make friends here especially if your not super extraverted. No real party scene unless you go to Cornell. A lot of students transfer after their first semester here. Food is average and tasteless.
Good academics and teachers. In the middle of nowhere, not much to do. Don't fall for hype of the commons and the city,  not that good unless you're a hippie type. #1 weed smoking school in the country, if you don't smoke you won't make friends easily. Food is god-awful, makes me want to barf often. Parties are mostly far away, very political place
Very cold in the winter. Not much going on. Isolated. Small town. Cornell is there, but not as easy to get to as you'd think. Academics are strong in communications, PT/OT, music school and theater department.
Could use some changes for the better. Hopefully sooner, rather than later.
Ithaca isn't perfect by any means but it is a great school with even greater students and professors. We are a small school so there's going to be downsides to that as opposed to a large university but our size comes with a lot of benefits as well. I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
Could not have asked for a better experience
Very liberal. Not open to other beliefs of opinions. Bad food. Good academics in theatre and PT/OT. Politics department is good but all liberal. Small town. Some majors and minors are horrible and have bad teachers and others are OK-good (Business school)
A good school with mixed professors. Not worth all the money.
Overall, IC is awesome. My only complaints are the parking and classes. #1, parking is pretty much a nightmare unless you're faculty or you have an 8am class. S get used to walking farther from where you parked to get to class than you would have if you walked from your dorm. #2, if you're not exploratory or a junior/senior have fun picking classes
Amazing school and amazing professors. Everyone wants each student to do their best. Campus is beautiful in all weather. Make sure to pack a few jackets and extra socks when it hits early December. I made the best choice of my life by coming here. I wouldn't have wanted to go anywhere else. Lifelong friends and memories I would never want to forget
IC is great because you get the homy feeling of a small campus, yet a pretty good social life. people are awesome, parties are fun, and you're surrounded by beautiful scenery. I love it here.
I'm really happy I decided to go here. The dorms a close to campus, and parking on campus normally isn't an issue.
Ithaca is a great place to be and love the school a lot
Love all the clubs and opportunities on campus. Also have yet to have a nightmare professor. The area is beautiful but after a while you get used to it and there isn't much to do outside campus. Also the party scene is really unique (no frats so everythings a house party or a "fundrager"). Overall, really happy I came here.
