Love the campus, everyone is really welcoming. Campus is average size, therefore you always know people on campus. There's never a face that you don't see. Many resources given to you.
From what I know, the Park School excels at giving its students the opportunities to get hands-on experience that you need to succeed in the media simply by joining clubs. It is the school that stands way above the others. Campus life is decent. The food will suck and you have to find friends quick since it is a small school and groups form fast.
Ithaca is great but gets pretty lame as the years go on.
Ithaca College is a great place to be if your major is Musical Theatre or Physical Therapy, but if you are any other major you may feel out of place
Park school is the best. but you'll still have some issues. Hard for me to get into outside major classes such as PR and Advertising. Otherwise, the program has been great and helped me get my dream internships with MLB and NHL. Sport Media could use more major classes. Town is great, wish Ithaca had a real mall and closer to bigger cities
The School it's right for me, a science major, but that doesn't mean it isn't right for others.
Ok, so the food isn't anything to ride home about, but I'm a vegan and the fact that they have any options for me at all is a relief. It's a pretty small city and transportation isn't ideal, so I would recommend bringing a car as soon as you can. I put a three for happiness because depressed artists are the norm.
I love it here! My only complaint is the location. We are in the middle of nowhere! However there are so many things to get involved with on campus which is good. The social scene is fine, if you want to party there are always options but if you dont you will find your people too. Have enjoyed all of my professors so far.
I love my campus, the view is gorgeous !
The college is alright if you vibe with the campus. Food isn't great and the housing options are limited. Better for those looking into communications, PT/OT, or music.
Not a fan
I love it here
The schools definitely challenging academically but if you need a quick break theirs always something going on in the city. The food is phenomenal.
This is a good school for those who want a small school. There are enough opportunities where you'll have something on your schedule but won't be too much. The professors are easy to get along with. Don't go to Towers Dining Hall. If you hate the cold then beware! Seriously. It starts snowing in October. I have more to say but I ran out of space
Beautiful location, and amazing people to network with.
Not a fun school to go to socially or academically.
I went to this school because I heard good things about it, but I regret my choice. The only good thing I have to say about this school is that some of the profs are actually really awesome and I enjoy their classes. Everything else isn't very good. It's also pretty hard being disabled and/or mentally ill here. The mental health services are awful.
Good place, gorgeous in the fall but dreary in the winter. Ithaca is an amazing town, not too far from campus. built on a hill, so not for the faint of heart or the walking disinclined. Otherwise nice space.
Lots of opportunities and great times if you want them
I honestly do not know why people say Ithaca is bad. I know that it has a high acceptance rate, but I personally think that it is because not a lot of people know about it. It is a really great school located in a beautiful place and the professors, faculty, and staff members are really nice and they try their best to make things perfect.
If you don't like this school it's your problem!! The faculty try hard to make students comfortable here. Do not blame the school if you are having a bad experience!!! Ithaca is definitely the best choice I have ever made in my life. I would totally recommend this school.
Ithaca is pretty much a good college. The location is hilly so it makes it a little difficult. I am happy that I met some really nice and imaginative people here so I would say great. A lot of professors are approachable so don't be afraid. Food is a hit or miss. However, you got to make the most of your experience.
Beautiful campus. Makes me feel at home, safe, accepted, and motivated. I definitely made the right choice.
Ithaca is definitely the place for me. Anyone who fsees otherwise, it's not the school's fault.
I really love Ithaca. It's small, but not middle-of-nowhere small. The food is not something to rave over--it's regular campus food. I feel at home here, and I enjoy it very much. Besides food and internet, Ithaca is a great quality school.
I absolutely love it here. Food and internet could be improved, but, hey, you can't have everything. It's close to home, which I like. Clubs and social life are almost everything you could wish for. Have yet to have a bad professor, they are all friendly. Overall, I'm very happy here, and am finding my friend group steadily.
I found the perfect school for my needs
It's kind of miserable here. The administration doesn't care about their students at all. So many promised amenities simply are missing or never existed. I went months without a working washing machine in my dorm building. Whenever we complain we are chastised for complaining. I'd leave if it weren't for the professors and my program.
I've loved my time at Ithaca College. You get opportunities and make connections from day one, and you wouldn't BELIEVE recruiter's happiness that you attend Ithaca, especially in Park. Love it here!!!
I absolutely love Ithaca, I wish I was told about how bad the food is, but overall it's a great community to be a part of.
Good school if you can handle the stairs & wind. Most professors are kind & approachable, made awesome friends too. Food gets repetitive & boring. Only 2 small dining halls for 6k students. Not worth the money unless your financial aid is good (mine wasn't) & you know what you want to do. Administration doesn't care about the students though.
I am very thankful for my education at Ithaca College thus far. I have made amazing friends. There are tons of fun events to go to. There are many great professors. The campus is really pretty, but mostly in the nicer weather. The food needs improvement and there are some housing issues that need to be solved, but other than that, I love Ithaca.
Many of the above depend on your major.
I really enjoyed Ithaca. It's very liberal, which I enjoyed, but I know that conservatives complained about it lol. The freezing winters made a lot of people irritated and depressed for a bit, but the surrounding gorges during summer are peak. A lot of the professors are helpful, and I enjoyed that the college was its own area/community.
Ithaca College is a solid campus. We complain a lot, but when I look at other places I realize we do have it pretty good here. To any Park students- work on at least one upperclassman's film your first year. If you don't make connections with other students your first 2 semesters, you're screwed out of films later on, and the profs won't help you
