Ithaca College was the right choice for me. The occupational therapy program has been amazing so far. I've liked most of my teachers. The food is only okay, but you only have to eat it for like 2 years before moving off campus or moving into an apartment. Love the area overall.
so far so good :D
When visiting Ithaca it seemed like an absolute dream to attend, then covid hit and everything has gone downhill. Food is subpar, there's little to no interaction, classes that were promised as in person are maybe once a week in person if you're lucky. The school has no money and laid off 25% of its staff. There is little diversity here on campus.
As a student graduating this Spring for Finance (originally entered as a Fr. wanting to major in Eng.), I can say with total certainty that the Business School at IC is a hidden-gem. The school recently had a new Marketing + Data Science Lab installed, COVID just threw it all-off sadly. Terrific professors - can't say much else about other majors.
Ithaca was my dream school, but since covid hit I've realized I should transfer. The school laid off 25% of the staff, including a lot of poc and made this campus feel a lot less diverse and accepting to me. The president has been accused of sexual assault and is still in office, and constantly making this a worse place for students of color.
Great school for filmmaking/communications
Ithaca has its negatives (trust me, there's plenty) but it's a great school and will keep you happy.
Park School is the best school at Ithaca
If you are low income or first gen college student don't be fooled, Ithaca may market itself as very accomodating but that is not the case. This school was good before Shirley Collado fired 100+ staff to create a PA program and hiked up all the prices. This place will rob u blind.
You'll get more bang for your buck elsewhere. The Ithaca area is beautiful. The faculty at the college are very nice. You are right near the college town. However, the cuts in faculty are devastating for many students. The course offerings are bare minimum. There's often only one time slot per course, which causes a lot of overlaps. Frustrating!
Still a great place for music, communications, and PT/OT despite the many bad decisions of the administration. Food is also subpar, facilities are passable. Faculty and professors are fantastic and connections you make here are pretty good. However unless you fall in love with the place and the professors, I would consider looking elsewhere.
A pretty place with lots of nice people, but: FOOD: meat uncooked, people throw up, I lost 5 pounds while attending. You NEED a car, also NOT a party school if you care. MUSIC SCHOOL: limited opportunities and classes. It's underfunded. Focused only on music ed and classical. Don't recommend for big dreamers or students looking to study abroad.
Good communications department. I learned a lot but wish they taught us more about the industry we were going into and how to get get a job. They rarely talked about what to do after graduation. Most professors are good but the administration is terrible. They're clearly very removed from the campus. The area is amazing and there's lots to do.
IC is in a nice community, but the school has went down hill the past couple years, with cuts and firings. The classes are good, but not ground-breaking. Take what you want from the school.
