Please  do not consider applying for this school unless you go for pharmacy!!!! The undegrad is horrible. No labs supplies, technologically outdated, most of the professor are too old to teach or not competent in their field...the list can go on.
Science professors are horrible!!! Apply to HEOP (HIGHER EDUCATION OPPORTUNITY PROGRAM. The Campus is beautiful. Many options available here look for them all. Period.
Save your money go to a school that offers something for students. They take your money and give you a joke of an education
expensive
I made a good decision coming hear. The professors are nice and reasonable for the most part and really make an effort to help you. There is help all over the campus for what ever your needs be ranging from athletic, academic, psychological, career and much more.
Honestly, a waste of money. Even just doing pre-pharmacy here is an expensive joke. Many feel ripped off or lied to by the school once they realize how ridiculous the programs are set up here. Financial aids frequently screws you over and the undergraduate programs and professors are poor quality. The only positive is the location.
This school is overpriced for what you receive. If you do not have a major in mind go to another college and you could transfer when you have goal in mind. The service at the financial aid and bursar offices are slow like an hour wait on a regular basis. The class rooms do not have air conditioning.
The school is very expensive. Don't go there unless u major in pharmacy or other health professional. If u major in pharmacy, keep in your mind, there are a lot of other kids are applying to the pharmacy even though they are not pre-pharmacy...anyway, the program is very competitive....trust me, st john and buffalo may be better than LIU!
I feel that the school as a whole has some improving to do especially the very disorganized bursar, financial aid, and student activities offices.The library also needs major improvement.It can be loud and closes early. The individual departments however are effective.I am a student in th School of Business and I have to say it is EXCELLENT.
Don't waste ur money by coming to this university. With their tuition rate as high as $890 to $1070 per credit, the quality of education is worthless. Don't even bother going for pharmacy. The administration and faculty is horrible.  The education will partially prepare you for the workforce.  Ur better off becoming an electrician.  Don't go to LIU
I am an incoming freshman and the school is very nice
horrible! very expensive and many math and science professors can not teach! the staff members are also very rude!
First of all, the tuition has increased close to 8000dollars per year from 2009 while the economics is doing so poorly. The staffs of financial aid, bursar, register and tutoring center have a very nasty attitude. They always claim that they have so much work to do,or they are short of staff. Attention, the truth is they are slow and incompetent!
Please do not consider this school unless you don't have any other option. People come this school mainly for the pharmacy program. However, a lot of other majors are also available in LIU with their graduates come out school with no jobs. The education is definitely not as worth as how much you pay for.
Horrible school. Smallest and most boring campus. Honors program was interesting and engaging but all other classes are useless. I transferred out quickly after a year. Financial aid is a PAIN in the neck. Wait on line to speak to someone for 2 hours every semester.
this school is fair and hopefully u will find a job in ur field.
Location is great, the professors need re-evaluating before each semester.
It Give thats "Away to College" feel meanwhile you're still in the city!A bit pricy but worth it.A lot of diversity & if sports is your thig, this is the school for you.There is ALOT of school spirit.
This is the only school you should go to if you are deciding you want to major in pharmacy and/or nursing. LIU is a private school, so unless you have a lot of financial aid or if you are very rich, come here. Be careful in choosing your professor, some of them can ruin your GPA
My second semester at this school and I'm starting to love it. One think I don't like though, the library can get very noisy at times.
Great school, works for me.
School is convenient and good but its way to expensive.
its nice and good
This school is very expensive so unless you are going for nursing or pharmacy I'd suggest a CUNY as the education is the same. The Financial Aid Dept needs serious work, I never get the feeling that anyone really cares about my education here and most of the professors are boring & aren't good at explaining themselves at all.
LIU offers great opportunities & is an excellent school for health sciences. However, I hated that cheating regulations were not enforced. People had their cellphones out during exams, even finals. During exams the seats were literally 3inces apart. People cheated. It is very unfair to those students that actually work hard.
LIU Brooklyn has been the best choice for me. I attend a CUNY College before transfering to LIU Brooklyn. I completed my A.A.S Degree and now I came back for my B.S. Degee. While attending LIU Brooklyn I feel I have received a better education. It might cost more but its worth it to me.
Spent two years here. Complete waste of my time. Of course not all but many of the faculty members are rude and don't try to help you.
This school should have better desks
Very home like, but campus isn't very big which makes it easier for people to get to know each other
It's ok. overly expensive.
Great school, but not worth the money.
Great area lots to do on and off campus
interesting, but make sure you actually want to come because it is expensive.
I'm a transfer student and I do not regret coming to this school. It offered me many things including an active campus life.
LIU Brooklyn is the best
I am very happy that I went from CUNY to LIU. LIU is so helpful unlike CUNY. Yes it is very expensive but it is so worth it and it will pay off in the future. This school makes me feel like a person instead of another number. Tutoring services are great. I am so thankful for this school.
EXTREMELY AMALL CAMPUS.  LOOKS LIKE THE OUTSIDE OF A RESTAURANT WITH CHAIRS SPREAD OUT HERE AND THERE.  NO ROOM FOR QUIET RELAXATION IN THIS CAMPUS.  EVERY AREA IS FILLED WITH PEOPLE AND LOUD STUDENTS WITHOUT MANNERS.  DIRTY BATHROOMS.  THE CLASSROOMS ARE NICE.  NO VIEW IN THIS CAMPUS SO BRING A POSTER!
The school is good but expensive.
Last minute decision, Overall Unsatisfactory!
I attended LIU Brooklyn for grad school. Although the tuition is very pricey, there are great opportunities to bring it down, such as Graduate Assistantships. It's an awesome oppotunity to have classes paid for while making nice connections that will serve you well. Good luck!
Awesome School
Nice campus, all buildings are connected and that's good in winter, overly expensive, bad Internet
Cost to much and no body talks to you Don't waste the money
Very nice stuff)
