horrible administration! some professors are great, others absolutely lazy and biased. stay away from the college of pharmacy, especially these profs- troy kish, either cohen brother, lonie, rahim, and babar! I transferred from a school in PA to come to this mess... still, some profs are great, just a handful who ruin it for everyone.
It's worth the price for an advanced degree - depending on the specialty
for the cost and terrible support services I think another school would probably be a better option.
I have experienced horrible administration, financial aid, bursar, registrar are now one huge mess, and no one ever answers the phone! When I call and choose to speak with the operator, the automated message says "operator is not available" and hangs up the phone! Definitely needs an upgrade on the service to its students!
I came to this school for nursing from cuny, and the only difference is the price. The nursing staff ARE NOT helpful, they don't help you out and tell you about thing very last minute having you running around like a chicken with your head cut off. In my opinion they view you as another number that walks through the door. Very few good professors.
very expensive for the quality of education received. The administration are all very rude and there is no one direct place where you can go or even call for answers or help with anything, you are better off asking a current student for help. The bathrooms are disgusting always, and the cafeteria food is gross. This school isn't worth the money.
Academically, this school is an absolute joke. The master's program I am in is disorganized; the classes are demanding on time while being intellectually un-stimulating. Moreover, very little of the work corresponds to what is actually needed for the career. I do not recommend coming here.
Run!!!  I hate this school with a passion. if you want to lose your drive motivation to continue and further your education then come to this school. I would not recommend this school to my worse enemy. Worst nursing program. They do not care about students at all. I pray everyday that they'd close this school down.
I love LIU but overall, more changes need to be made.
The school works when your involved if not you don't know what to do and for the most part you most likely wont stay
Obviously depends on the degree you're pursuing, but I wish I'd gone to a SUNY school and save the money. Poor overall experience.
I regret even applying to this school. Do not come here. It's so boring and I should have chosen other liberal arts college or state schools. Staffs and faculties are not very helpful at all.
what a school that does not have a parking lot
Depends on your major. I notice that the ones complaining about LIU are the ones not in the PharmD program nor the nursing program (two programs in which the school dotes on).  I wouldn't recommend people to come to school if you're doing anything other than pharmacy or nursing.
The campus staff (and a few of the professors) are generally unprofessional and not very accurate or helpful. I've attended two community colleges that held much higher standards for building maintenance, customer service, and classcampus experience. Bathrooms as well as the humanities buildingalways NASTY! Go into medicalpharm or don't bother.
I really did not enjoy my time at this school.  I stuck it out for my degree.  If transferring credits was easier and you wouldn't lose any I would have switched schools.
Just an okay school.
Not much going on. I rather be at a HBCU. Not my first choice school . Facilities are not as good for the price.
The School is beyond terrible. Professors and staff are unprofessional, merciless and lack the ability to help in any way. STAY AWAY FROM THIS SCHOOL ESPECIALLY FROM THEIR PHARMACY PROGRAM! I've never seen a "university" that is as bad as this one. I hated my life every single day at this school. I don't have one good thing to say about it!
Your time and money is better spent else where.  Even if your doing this schools 3 most cherished departements Pharmacy, Nursing or Health Science's.  90% of the professors and staff in this school are utterly useless.
LIU has a lot of opportunities as long as you get involved, If you have a bad teach speak to them about it, if there is a problem all you have to do is voice your opinion and with enough momentum you will see change. Most people want a great campus without work and if your one of them people it will not be worth it here
The library is very noisy. They need to make seprate rooms for people that are studing in groups.
Iv take classes in five different colleges. Honestly comparing all the colleges i feel that this is the worst college i have ever attended. The staff was unhelpful and a lot of the professors were disrespectful toward students. Students submit complaints about professors, yet they are ignored. This is not a student friendly college.
I go to school part-time and I enjoy going to school at LIU.
Good school. Too expensive and money conscious.
Good school but no social atmosphere
This school is wonderful, it's diverse and everyone is friendly for the most part I'm so glad I'm attending this school, my only issue is the tuition
Better off at a community college.
A lot of the Professor should not be teaching.
I was in the Nursing Program.  The administration is the worst.  Don't go here, but I did, and I understand that if you are going her, do not trust the administration.  Always make copies, double check everything, be proactive, email whoever you need to, ASK other students for help.  This program is so disorganized, you cannot make it on your own.
If you are not majoring in one of the healthcare programs avoid this school. It is unorganized, administration is disrespectful and rude. It is almost as if you're not paying to go here. If your parent is not involved in speaking with enrollment services you won't receive the proper help you need. Save yourself the debt  and attend a CUNY.
I  transferred from a  community  college  and  I  found  this college  is  worse  than  that the level  is easier and  the  teachers  are  the  worst  ever because  they  do  not  care  about  the  students at  all  I  recommend  that  you  go  to  a  cuny  to  be  debit  free  and get  a  better  education than  this.  STAY away from this school.
worst  school  ever
In  this school  is  very  easy to  get  good  grades, but the  education  over here is terrible.
This school is only good for the 4-5 health profession programs. Do not waste your time here if you're pursuing something else. The admissions office is so incompetent and useless that you'll have to revisit multiple times to fix any issue that you may have. It is beyond frustrating. Go to a cheaper school that is 100x better than this
Most professors at LIU only care about their pay checks and go on strike frequently. The financial aid office offers minimum help and guidance.
Can't wait to get out of here
Overall love the school
I loved this campus and my program. Graduate school here was a wonderful and challenging dream. I'm so glad I decided to go to LIU Brooklyn.
For a private school you would think the bathrooms would be up to par.  They are old, disgusting, and always smells.  The food at the school is overpriced and disgusting.  Also their service is slow, students need to grab food and return yo class. We've only got an hour break and the staff at liu drags tail when preparing or ringing up food for us.
I love LIU but there needs to be a few changes in safety, food, and should be more janitorial services.
Ridiculous. Stand clear from this school. Transferred out after my first semester there. Too expensive. Be aware, tuition is already expensive and may go up because professors want a raise. I'm so glad they want a raise, but us the students, get the short end of the stick because tuition will go up. Just stay away from LIU Brooklyn
this school is great
it is so so
STAY AWAY and save your money
This is a wonderful school and the professors are great and the classes are easy to understand and pass, as long as you pay attention.
Pharmacy, Nursing, or any of the Health Professions they provide here. These are are the ONLY reasons you ever want to enroll in this school. You're a dumbnut if you chose LIU of all universities for any other profession. And even if you did choose LIU for the first couple of programs I listed here, you would still be making a fairly unwise choice.
Love this school! You need to have some patience with the food preparation. Overall, I would say the Pharmacy program is good and the teachers here are good (except for Dominick Sergio! Stay away from him!!) The bathrooms are not fancy, people please flush! LIU is surrounded by so many stores, has every store you need, Barclay center too.
Tuition goes up 2.5% per year, which is half the national average, BUT the pricing is ivy league expensive for community college education. Honors is worth it if you can get past the judgemental honors director and/or his absent-minded assistant.
LIU-Brooklyn is not a party/dream school. I would not advice people to come if they want to pursue something like english or sociology. But, for my major which is in the health professions was very good and supportive. I do not think for the education that the university gives is worth the cost of money. I learned a lot from my program.
LIU is a nice college, LIU is also the center of many stores so if you have a long break you can go shopping. There are lots of train stations too (one directly across the street) and it is nice to sit outside and chill when the weather is nice. Overall, it is a really nice atmosphere for hard-working pharmacy students and has a good reputation.
