Good school for positive, optimistic and social students.
Nice location, hard working students
Can't wait to get out of here. Services are rapidly declining.
If ur doing pharmacy u can suck it up and come but for any other major its really like ur paying to get tortured
This is the absolute worse school to attend. Literally a HUGE rip off especially for the nursing department. Pharmacy may work but anything else, maybe you should look somewhere else. It is so dirty, no AC, like they make SO MUCH MONEY, where is it going??
A great experience!!!!!!!
I was able to to get an internship because it seems many employers like LIU students. After graduation, I have a job waiting for me.
LIU is TOO EXPENSIVE for the professors to be as mean as they are, no ac in class, etc. Did i mention TOO EXPENSIVE?? LIU is surrounded by the hood in brooklyn im paying a ridiculous amount of money to not even live on campus or have a meal plan or anything and professors are unenthusiastic. Just a HUGE RIP OFF SCHOOL.
the university location is great. they need to work on cleaning the restrooms a bit
It is in Downtown, Brooklyn--near a lot of convenience stores, fast food places( McDonalds, Popeyes, Starbucks, Burger King), a couple restaurants. It is across the street from a mall(citypoint) which has a huge market plenty of food choices and it has a bunch of stores like Century 21, Target), and it has a movie theater on the top floor.
If you aren't doing a health related major just turn around
LIU most of the professors are horrible, you have to teach yourself most of the time. Especially with biology. They don't give you enough aid or scholarships regardless of your GPA. Financial aid is absolutely horrible they don't fix your account right away they messed up my account so many times. They accept everyone but they take your money.
The dorms are like jail cells; and the faculty inside the dorms are rude.
Long Island University is a well respected school. Unfortunately, the lack of cleanliness, (i.e - in bathrooms, classrooms/offices) incompetence of professors and overall structure does not reflect that.
#SHAMEONYOULIU After paying this school pharmacy program tuition for 6 years, they came to the decision that they will not be giving us a graduation for the first time in 130 years because of "budget cuts". Pharmacy school tuition is approximately $30,000 per year per student. We deserve a graduation for our doctorate degree! Don't apply here!
I dont reccomend his university for any health feild. The occupational therapy program is horrible. I wont detail my experience but I recommend that they hire a new chairperson in the OT department.
This is the time of the year for visiting fruit farms in Long Island. Either buy a whole basket of pears, or pick a handful of pears for yourself, families, and friends.
LIU isn't a bad campus as its made out to be. is it for party goers? NO! But i am in the nursing program and it is more than fine. Granted everyone school has their deficits and LIU isn't immune to them, but if you look for resources/help, its available. Teachers in this program is good for the most part and its helped my career along. suck it up
School is school man
liu makes promises it cannot keep. Advisors barely encourage you three of mine quit/were changed.
Bathrooms need to fixed
save your money, choose another school. so disappointed in this school and it's staff. I know multiple students that feel the exact same way.
This school is terrible. The financial aid and enrollment services area is terribly unorganized and the staff working in that section is awfully rude. You call the school to have a question answered and they have uninformed students answering just to tell you they will call back and the financial aid person never does. The classes are also a joke.
I wouldn't recommend this school. Go to a suny or cuny school over this college. they prey on immigrant and lower income students with the idea that a private school will somehow get you a better education, which is totally false. Most students transfer out too
For Nursing students classes are not that hard compared to other colleges out there tbh but advisors, enrollment services, finical aid and all other services are the worst to be honest. You have to basically do their job for them and you need to make sure everything is right before you start with anything. Take care of yourself and u will be fine
Overall, the school isn't bad. It's one of the only closed gated campuses in the city and I enjoy that. You still get that campus feel while being in the middle of downtown Brooklyn and a stop away from Manhattan. The dorms could use some upgrades but overall it's a nice campus and has a good feel to it. Freshens has the best food on campus by far.
Great School!
portal use to register for classes, schedule meetings with advisors, organization is great. bathrooms being cleaned multiple times a day. food on campus is trash, but theres the market hall across the street and local halal carts. student body is diverse. love it here. only complaining is on campus food. freshens is not seasoned. smoothies are good
Unless you're a health science major of some sort stay away. This school has no business charging the tuition it does when the professors are not great, the dorm on campus is a dumpster falling apart, and there's not even a health center on campus.
Overall a good school, the food on campus is good- but also many variety of food around the campus. Mainly known for their pharm program, so they get the best treatment on campus. Met some great people here.
This is THE WORST SCHOOL I have ever experienced. This is coming from someone who is a 4.0 honor student and veteran. You pay 23k a semester for the most disrespectful, bias, not giving a sh*t professors, dean, and staff. No one answers emails. No supplies provided for the money you pay. Do not teach you anything, instead you are told to pretend.
LIU Brooklyn is a respectable college. Great location! lots of food places around, lots of action closeby. Pretty close to manhattan... LIU offers a great education, specifically for social work students, OT students, and Pharmacy students.
