SF State rocks!
I think it is not only SFSU but it goes to all CSU institution. No doubt there is a need in changes of the system. For example, JEPET test that is required by Junior year students to take with the passing rate is just about 30%-40%. Besides that, it seems that the budget cut has caused a lot of professors to lose motivation in guiding the students.
Intolerant extremists make up a huge percentage of the faculty. Students here generally care more about partying and getting high than getting everything they can out of an education. If you want a good eduation, go elsewhere.
SF STATE is a nice school, but I think it is way too radical. I am liberal, but not radical. One time some students held the business building hostage and damaged furniture and other stuff. That got way out of hand. Protests are find, but damaging school property is not. The food is not healthy.
You can find good teachers here, but it's up to the student to make anything of their education. The facilities are poor and it is up to the individual to look for advisers, determine requirements, and look for opportunities and experiences. The university's President doesn't seem to respect the students and the school is unwise with money.
The school is pretty diverse and the only thing that is wrong with the campus right now is there is a lot of construction going on with building of our new library and ampitheater.
DO NOT GO HERE
1st yr I was sent to the dorms instead of the Towers (i'd paid for). I got put on the all girls floor with a REALLY messed up roommate. Housing refused to move me. Dining options for freshman is VERY unreasonable. I had teachers so terrible they emailed the lecture class the test answers and talked about In n Out the rest of class. Not worth my $$!
THis school is sick !!!!!!!!!!!!!! i love it
Education wise: couldn't ask for anything better!  Social scene wise: kind of lacking, not too much going on unless you're part of a sorority/frat/club, etc.
Education wise: couldn't ask for anything better!  Social scene wise: kind of lacking, not too much going on unless you're part of a sorority/frat/club, etc.
don't come here. unless you're another freak.
The only thing that is bugging me about attending SFSU, is the lack of classes. I am considering to move to a private school. It's not the school's fault, the government decided to do the budget cut. Stupid government! Education before WAR! And there is no change with Obama.Wee-neee!
San Francisco State is the best i love it !!!!!
I lOve SFSU
Love SFSUUUUU wooo
This school is a joke. Whatever you do, do NOT major in dietetics. The chemistry department is even worse!
Great school! Just remember that it's a commuter school, meaning a lot of people drive, use MUNI, or take BART to come to school, and when their classes are over, they leave. If you want a school where there are tons of people around after classes and on the weekends, this is not the school for you.
Very diverse school, good professors, and great city to live in. Can't beat that!
Its close to this city and you will always have something to do. Doesn't have a football team so spirit low but the people are amazing. A lot of just hanging out in the dorms with everyone but its fun lots of laughs.
This is a busy school with a lot going on.  Construction is happening almost constantly so be prepared to deal with it.  Most of the teachers are cool, but when the teachers are bad, they're terrible.  Seems to be a trend of awesome teachers mixed with people who shouldn't have ever been hired.  Public transportation to/from is pretty good though!
Grad studies program is inept and its policies seem malevolent, though it's probably a result of a deeply flawed bureaucracy rather than a conspiracy to drive grad students crazy and prevent them from graduating. The front desk staff at the "Grad Stop" seem to make things up just to make us go away.
due to the budget cuts there are limited seats so try to register asap or you might end up on the floor. The school builds a new library which might be very nice and all but i wish they'd equip classes instead and put plugs everywhere! If you have a laptop it's a pain to find a plug! And the table-chair system is very bad too, it ruins our posture!
From what I experienced, the BECA department is fragmented, and run by an enifficient department staff.  What is Broadcasat Electronic Communication Arts anyways???? Like I want to explain that everytime (rolling eyes).  If I wasnt so far into my education, I would choose another school in a heartbeat.
It's a great campus, SFSU is big enough to not bump into everybody you know but not exactly overwhelming! I live in Yosemite area and to get home and back is not completely tiring, about a good 3 hours. Muni is your key to San Francisco, it can take you virtually everywhere! BART is also a great system of public transportation!
The dorms sucked, we called the internet provider (Apogee) Crapogee for a reason. The dining hall had good days and bad days, lunch and breakfast tended to be better than dinner. The library has been closed for practically the whole time I've been there and that whole thing is a mess. But, I still like it, even with all the problems.
The Psychology department seems like they are purposely making classes as easy as possible to get past their impacted status. I was more challenged at my community college than this school. The class sizes are way too big. The campus is beautiful and services are pretty good.
All the buildings are ugly and the elevators are very slow. There isn't even a library on campus and there won't be for a few more years. The replacement library is a 20 minute walk from the top of campus. Hippies wait at the top of campus to try to sign you up for all sorts of stuff, sometimes they follow you for a bit. Student center food is good
This school is a joke.  A pathetic statement on the state of higher education in California.
I wish I would of known this before I committed was that it is a commuter school. People just go to school then back home. I think it lacks stores and hang out places that are walking distance.
The kids are all really cool, a good portion of the teachers are all really cool, the staff sucks (as in administration, bursars, student services, campus police, etc). The school cut most of the classes I wanted to take, but there are a couple interesting ones left. However, I'm sure they'll be gone soon. I recommend a junior college for GE.
No library (in construction), hard to get classes, impossible to graduate in 4 years, very liberal, expensive (which makes not being able to get into classes even worse) and they make u pay for everything like tests. Also people always smoke on campus even though it's not allowed so it's annoying. However, public transportation is convenient.
Love being close to the city, lots to do in the area. Classes are great. Easy to find really good teachers for all classes. Student center is awesome and puts on a lot of events for the students and offers a lot of job opportunities for students. People are really nice, everyone seems to be kind to everyone else. Overall, it's relaxed and fun here.
Too many wierdo's go to school here.
I love San Francisco.
I love this school , screw UC berkeley!
THE LIBRARY BEING UNDER CONSTRUCTION HAS LEAD TO LIMITED STUDY AREAS AND DIFFICULTY WITH COMPUTER ACCESS
If you want to party and you get along with people in the party scene, you'll have a great time. If you're trying to really achieve something and meet inspiring people, go elsewhere. I'm embarrassed to say I go here.
Somewhat on the small side but cool campus overall! glad I came here the city makes it better!
good luck getting classes
SF State gets a bad rep sometimes, which is unfair in this budget crisis. I've never once regretted going to SF State and I'm happy I'll be an alumni come January 2012. Its only real downside is the library being under construction. I came here in Fall 07 and it's been closed for renovations since Spring 08. Pity I never get to use the new one :(
BEST SCHOOL EVER!!!
It's very expensive to try to live off of campus nearby; it is a mostly commuter campus, the dorms have a very long waiting list to get in, and the nearby housing market is fiercely competitive; you could very easily find yourself attending classes with no place to live. That severely colors your impression and opinion of the campus.
It is not a bad school. The campus is small, but pretty. The food is edible, however i prefer going to the Subway or the sushi/burger joint they have on campus. Probably one of my main complaints about the school is how far away it is from every thing. Nothing is walking distance, if you want to explore, its at least a 20 min drive into the city.
SFSU is located right on the outskirts of the city, and is close enough to all the bustle of the city, yet predominantly nestled in the quiet suburbs of Daly City. The people are SO NICE. Seriously, if you're lost or confused, you'll be able to get by with help from strangers. The campus and teachers are nice.
its a commuter school but the city is a lot of fun to visit. I recommend doing something on campus if you want to meet people like looking into the Greek community
This school is very much influenced by the surrounding city and culture and so are the professors.
It's definitely not your average college experience and you should know that going in. We're not known for greek life or being a "community", we're known for the creative side of things and using the city as your classroom. If you're dying to get out of your suburban hell, SF state is a good choice.
Expensive parking, every we have an issue with anything, we never get resolved right away. People who work at the bursar are not helpful at all.I haven't had a good experience so far. And how ridiculous not being able to register for more than 8 units and wait a whole month to add classes again, by then the classes you had a desire to take are FULL
sfsu is sorta a commuter school, not a lot of the students live on campus. good is ok...
The food at the school is good. It's easy to get anywhere in the city from campus. It's definitely a commuter school so don't expect much when it comes to activities and people on campus all the time. The greek life is not worth it so don't have any expectations there.
it was a lot different than I expected but I personally love it. Not much to do on campus as far as events, it seemed like until I joined a sorority. If I wasn't greek Id be so bored here. The classes are okay, what you'd expect from a state school. The campus is pretty and clean and san francisco is an amazing city to live. dining center sucks!
While the library is bad right now, that is only because a new state of the art one is in the process of being built. I've been going to state for over 2 years now and so I've only had the temp library services but the new building looks beautiful and its opening this spring 2012 semester!
SF State is a liberal college, I have had success in the creative writing department, the professors are radical and educated. If you are self-sufficient this is a good school for you, there is a lot going on around the school and in the city, and most of my professors loved to talk about events/career opportunities for my major.
i love my major, recreation, but not a lot of school spirit here. great professors, just a little too far from the city's center.
I was involved in everything from governance, to Greek life, to student organizations. I learned more than I would have ever thought possible and am more prepared for a career in my field than I thought I'd ever be. It is one of the best schools I've ever been on, and I've been on all of the campuses in California.
It may not be your first choice, but it's the right one!
The new library is a huge plus- it;s very big and had a lot of space and a Peet's coffee. But there are a lot of incompetent professors. Especially in the sciences. Maybe it's because of profession choice they are unsocial. Hard to make friends- people seem very independent/indifferent to new communication efforts. Ppl don't hang around campus.
If you live off campus, the public transit drops you off right there at the top! The campus is easy to negotiate. People are very friendly/some crazy professors. It was so easy to get down to the beach and living on campus was pretty damn fun! Downtown is 20 minutes away on the muni. Good food, good fall weather, so many things to do. great choice
I never attended Social Events or Activities due to my age; I'm 35yrs old & I'm assuming I'd feel uncomfortable. So my rating isn't based on my "actual/Physical" attendance to these functions.
if you want to graduate on time, take 5 or more classes a semester.
It IS difficult sometimes to get classes, but I enjoy the school. However if you are looking for a school that is more active and has lots of people living ON campus, this isn't the school for you. It  can be difficult to get on campus housing.
Students are passionate, opinionated, creative, and eager to learn. Truly a representation of San Francisco itself. I made no mistake in coming here.
Not the school for me
internet sketchy like...!!! we could also use a greater variety of food. and fliers of events or opportunities outside where students can randomly join in would be fun
Diversity, open mindness, and amazing professors
Great school! Not too big, but very beautiful and lots of nice people. I really love this school and I am glad I chose to go here.
The students are brilliant, and the teachers are some of the most intelligent and enthusiastic I've seen. They really care about their students, and encourage them to learn about more than just their classes!
Commuter college, but if you plan on going to this college you'll have to do the hustling, i.e. school commute, seeing an advisor, finding info, completely proactive approach, otherwise you are on your own. Sort of like dealing with the real world on campus
the student that come here dont know that it is a very mediocre school with too much focus on Raza Studies and not enough focus in the art class which are impossible to get, and the music class which the teachers dont have money for dry erase markers and to print out homework.
As a returning student (~30s), I am very happy with my education at SFSU.
Very good location, public transportation is excellent, and if you use BART (train), a school shuttle will pick you to school and bring you back to the train station.  The shuttle comes every fifteen minutes. I also like their hybrid classes - students have a choice to attend class or do the course totally online - sfsu is a great school.
Its a good school but the academics are not the greatest, seems like most of the teachers either A) dont know what their doing B)don't have the students best interest in mind C) just doing it for the $. There is only a handful of good teachers. not to mention it takes admin/one stop FOREVER to do anything. Social is the only good thing about it
Students are very friendly and down to earth.
I LOVE THIS SCHOOL. You meet some really amazing people here. But that's just me.
SFSU is pretty cool, the teachers are pretty down to earth and most are very understanding. it's just hard to get classes sometimes
I love State!
The school wastes a lot of money on useless classes, departments and programs. Also the school forces us to pay for the services that we don't use/need/want like Health Center, etc. No wonder that it costs so much.
Love it, definitely got the college experience by living in the dorms, even if it was a little pricey, it's giving you a taste of what living in San Francisco permanently is like.
Beautiful campus
It is a great school with lots of amazing professors. I would definitely recommend this school to anyone who is interested in attending. There are many classes to choose from and in terms of registering for classes you just have to be patient because you might not get them right away.
BEST SCHOOL EVER
Horrible school for Science majors, really hard to get classes, and little to no help from advising.
Beautiful campus! Very green and the environment is lovely.
awesome but always cold
SFSU has a great campus. You will meet a lot of people from different ethnicity. People are friendly. Teachers are approachable. However, don't expect too much on a State University.
I love this school and I think it has some really great interesting teachers who expand the minds of their students
In the beginning, you may feel disconnected with the school, but this school has so much variety, diversity, and talent, that you'll sometimes surprise yourself with what you have to offer the school and what the school can offer to you.
I've loved my time at SFSU.  The professors are top-notch, caring, and willing to go the extra mile.  The student body is extraordinarily diverse with people coming from every walk of life.  I couldn't have asked for more from my college experience.
Have Fun
It's a beautiful school, but it's cold all the time. It is literally in the foggiest area of SF. It is not near the city at all. You can to take a bus to get there. The people on campus aren't helpful. The bathrooms are constantly dirty and aren't cleaned on the weekends. Campus puts responsibility on the R.A.s and they don't do anything
nice one for business school!
Beautiful campus, so many trees and plants, and so many pretty places to sit and read outside.
most people don't graduate on time. I have a love - hate relationship with this school. very bureaucratic and you have to learn to do things for yourself. no one is going to hold your hand here. Study abroad program is amazing. a few really great professors.
You will not graduate on time. You will have a few lazy professors who've made tenure and do not care anymore, but you also have a few professors you'll adore. Graduation advising is a joke, you will get several different answers to the same question, and no one will accept responsibility for any mistakes made that effect you. Avoid. Nice city.
Internet speed could be better, especially in the main library. Also, expect to not get some classes due to too many students and not enough funding for more teachers. Overall well worth it. SF has lots to offer, not your average college experience.
Go Gators!
it's an ok school, the campus is nice but the vibe is so anti-social.  The food included in meal plans is ok, food at the restaurants is good. There are a lot of skunks and raccoon's at night and there is a mall right next door.  The dorms are slightly crappy.
Friendly people, lots of diversity, nature-friendly.
love this school!! SF State all the way!
Although the weather sucks and Its a hassle to get here if you commute, it is still a great school. There are always events going on, free stuff being passed out, and great clubs to join! The Africana Studies department is the best because it is the first in the country. The food is good, It doesn't change much unless you eat in the commons.
I personally love this school. the community here is very friendly. everything is very accessible and easy to find.
I truly enjoy being part of SFSU. The library is amazing and many of the teachers I had were helpful.
This is a wonderful campus aimed at educating the youth! The campus is beautiful and very unique, the staff is quite helpful and the students are enthusiastic with their activities.
It's super dope!! Very fun and I mean it's in the city so that's a plus. Great people just wish everyone was a lil more outgoing.
This is a commuter school. You should know that before attending this school. It's not for someone who wants the live-in campus experience. If you do choose to live on campus make sure you get involved. It can get a bit lonely if you don't. Don't let this review sway you though. This is the perfect place for some people.
This school is great. Just be aware its a commuter school not really a dorm school. Great atmosphere and good opportunities here.
The campus is cool. It has a rep that it is a commuter school which it is but if your living on campus, it doesn't feel like it. The teachers are cool and the atmosphere is active. It's SF so of course
It's awesome
it is fun
k
A majority of the professors have no idea what they're doing, the social scene is awful as most students are commuters, the bookstore is outrageously priced since they turned to a for-profit, the wifi rarely works and the bathrooms are always dirty. The rest of the campus is well maintained, so just pee outside.
Other students should know this school is not a party school and they should come here looking to earn an education.
I am happy with this school
This is a commuter school, so the school spirit is almost dead. But going to school in San Francisco is such a great experience. It is inevitable that a student will meet all different types of people. With an open mind, a college experience at SFSU is an incredible, life changing choice. Simply be friendly and up for experiencing something new.
great
great school, great people.
Awesome school. Come here if you want it all, the college experience, but also a great commuter school. I commute from the East Bay and the distance is worth it. Stoked to graduate at the end of this semester! C/O 14!
You get what you put into the school. Its up to you to join clubs/sports/frats/and other things.
Very large campus with a new library and some amenities near by. Great location as there is free shuttle, Bus stops, right off the freeway. Parking can be hard the campus police take it seriously. Great place to take school.
good school, not hard to get classes, class size somewhat small
you can find cool people. adding classes is hard sometimes.
The Social Work program is Great.
A commuter school that leaves extra-curricular and collegiate-atmosphere seekers bereft.
I wouldn't recommend this campus for people who are in the Kinesiology, Bio, Business majors. Too impacted. I'm on my 3rd year at sf state and I still haven't gotten any major classes yet even with crashing them.
SFSU
If you are looking for a social experience join a sorority or frat. I would have never joined one until I got to State, and I had a great time! I still have those friends today and knew people walking around campus. San Francisco is a cool place to live, esp your college years! Just explore. don't get stuck next to the campus fog.
It's ok.
SFSU is a good place and San Francisco is amazing!!
kind of a commuter school
Great school!
SF State is a laid back, blended school of traditional and non-traditional students from all over the state and the world. I feel that the negative comments about social activities and life on campus come from the younger students who akin the college experience to whats portrayed in the media. SF State is a great school, but in an expensive area.
This is a relaxed school, if like be invisible this is the place to be you can easily find yourself hiding from the world here. but if you like to be social this place is also awesome for you! their events are awesome!
I a very happy with my decision to go to this school!
Great school overall, don't mind the other comments saying how the social life aspect is low, its great and lots of friendly people,or perhaps the faulty ratings. This schools education system has a great way of teaching and ways of allowing students to allow themselves to explore many possibilities. I have gained many skills/friends to leave with.
Multi-cultural school! love how every one is so friendly and non judging! I love it during summer days where everyone lays and chills on the grass area. best choice ever! :)
awesome
worst university ever
I think this campus is great and yeah.
Too small.
here for 3 years now & I wish I had gone elsewhere. location is great because it is accessible, but it is surrounded by homes & downtown is 45 min away so you def. get a commuter feel. No student rec. life and hard time getting involved because all the useful clubs that aren't frats are secret or something. This college is a joke and unorganized.
I wasn't too thrilled to go here at first, but it turned out okay. Overall, the campus is very clean and diverse, and is very accessible. The library is a great place to study or pass time between classes. However there is a lack of social activities and student events, so making friends took a lot of effort. The girls are super cute though.
Ethnic studies saved my life. We are the most diverse university in the nation & we are the only university with a college dedicated to ethnic studies. Clearly, my life is changed because I attended this school.
I love
I personally love the campus. I enjoy the little pieces of hidden art throughout the campus as well as the apparent ones. Summer(meal plans)= good food. The view from the Towers where I currently reside for the summer has a great view facing the soccer field and Park Merced! Front seats to any soccer game! Looking forward to the Fall! Go Gators!
Love the school. Like anything in life you'll get back what you put into it. One major quarrel students have with the school is the availability of the classes.. well if you're on time with it and sign up for your classes at the proper time then you'll get your classes... don't procrastinate.
you will surely enjoy it here :)
I wouldn't recommend SFSU to a prospective student unless they pick BECA or Journalism as a major.
SFSU is largely what you make it. You can shape your own experiences. It IS hard to get classes, some majors more than others, so make sure you start on those hard-to-get ones early. Such as Chem 115, Phys 111, Bio 230.
This school used to be better when I first attended but now, it's not so good anymore.
If you put in the effort you can have a really amazing experience. Its up to you the student to make what you want happen. I really enjoy it and will never forget my experiences here :)
This "school" is a complete joke. Get ready to teach yourself everything you're supposed to learn and then after you graduate in 10+ years, get comfortable with the phrase, "You want fries with that?"
I have had better professors at a community college. There are some good professors here but for the most part, they aren't very good. I feel like a lot of the  clubs here are disorganized because there were a few I wanted to join but they never advertise on how to join or are our much to communicate with.
I honestly thought this school was great when I first entered but after 4 years, it has seriously gone downhill. There are clubs but they don't do much. The food is alright. Some places are better than others. The tuition is constantly increasing every year. The only good thing about this campus is the library. Oh and there's Peet's coffee inside.
School leadership sucks
SFSU is good university and lots of good instructors and many social clubs that connect student.
The campus is BEAUTIFUL! Lost of food places to eat, the library is beautiful and filled with computers. Very diverse with a lot of commuters. No football team:( Very close to the mall and is near all public transportation connections! I love it here:)
Beautiful city!!! Beautiful people!!!
The campus is beautiful, the opportunities are amazing just make connections, the weather is unexpectable but that's just normal for SF! Theres also a pub on campus *two thumbs up!* and an Ike's Sandwiches, if you've never tried Ike's then you've never truly lived.
Come here if you do not care about sports and want to be a free bird
The campus is very beautiful and the people here are all really cool. I feel like I will have a better experience next semester when I start getting involved in clubs on campus. The school has a lot of rich history if you are into the ethnic studies and activism.
SFSU is everything i dreamed to have during my college experience. All of the time and effort put into making this place amazing is really noticeable. Amazing campus and facilities
Good lord I can not imagine another "university" being as huge of a joke as sfsu
San Francisco State is the perfect place for any level of academia, be it an undergraduate searching for their life's path, or a masters level student studying cognitive psychophysiology in a laboratory setting. The devoted faculty come from a variety of backgrounds creating a diverse range of open minded experience for the students.
Lot of diversity, ethnic as well as different viewpoints. Not as liberal as reactionary far, far, right-wingers' think.
ok
Awesome school and on the rise
I really enjoy this school. I like that it's a commuter campus, so you don't have to live, eat, sleep, and breathe on campus. I also like the lack of sports because it puts everyone at a more equal standing. Sometimes it can be pretty hard to find classes but whenever I have needed help. faculty seems to be there for me. Plus, it's in SF!
SFSU is one of the best schools in the CSU program. There is nowhere else you will have access to one of the best cities in the world, but the campus is on the outskirts of the city. This is great for the socal suburbanites who flock to SF only to find the suburban world of Park Merced, but if you REALLY enjoy SF- live downtown, get rid of the car.
It is hard to meet people at the school so being social is not really a thing now. The University is on the outskirts of San Francisco but the library is amazing with all kinds of resources. I only saw clubs at the beginning of the year and now I feel like they're no existent. The best times that I've had is when I go into SF.
The parties suck.
great school
This school is more like a get in get out kind of school. Definitely a lot of diversity. It lacks a lot of school spirit. A lot of people seem to be stuck in high school. The campus isn't beautiful or inspiring and some facilities need updating specially science, but San Francisco is an amazing city, so it makes up for a lot of things.
This school is more like a get in, get out kind of school. Definitely a lot of diversity. It lacks a lot of school spirit. A lot of people seem to be stuck in high school. The campus isn't beautiful or inspiring and some facilities need updating specially science, but San Francisco is an amazing city, so it makes up for a lot of things.
I love this place, nothing beats SF
Nice campus in which you can find all kinds of people from every part of the world.
Love my school! fun place to go and tuition is not bad plus there is financial aid to help you. Lots of opportunities but you have to be a go getter if you want to do well here
Greatest city on Earth, but spotty wifi, expensive parking.
Although you may not graduate in the expected time, it's a great campus. There are a lot of social organizations and a chance to meet all types of people. There is so much diversity and so much going on all year around. I really love this campus, it's great to chill it's great to party.
i like it alot
Parking permit is around $250 I think per semester. Advisors or counselors are of no help at all. Lacking student assistance. Good luck finding the classes that fit your schedule. Weather is not predictable, mostly cold and foggy. I've seen homeless men sleep inside student lounge areas more than 4 times. Right next to a main street,safety unknown.
The reputation of the school depends on the subject. The Major I went into SFSU with was rated second in the nation, although my current major is not well represented here. It is a good school in a good location. Nothing great, but good for a state school.
It is in the most boring, foggy part of SF, it may as well be in Daly City. Nobody lives on campus, so when people are done with class they leave, making campus life virtually non-existent. I've never taken a class that I have found to be challenging at this school. If I had known what it was like here, I would have tried harder in high school.
