SFSU is a great school with amazing and talented professors. It's a shame, however, that the students lack desire to learn and an effort to commit to their studies. If every student cared just a bit more, the school would be even better.
It is a very great and diverse school. Have a lot of opportunities.
My first year experience has been nothing less than great. The location is perfect with just a 20 min muni ride to the city. Beautifulgreen campus, however wifi will cut in and out on you. Wish there were more than 3 food options. Also a commuter campus meaning its deserted after classes. Stay in the freshman dorms your first year to make friends.
I absolutely love this school. A lot of people complain about SFSU being a commuter school, but I have made a lot of friends here. The food options on campus are alright, but what should you expect for dorm food? I like to eat in the student center and listen to music at the Depot (our on-campus venue). Overall I really enjoy the atmosphere here!
If you are planning to go to school just for the basis of education, this is the perfect place for you. Not much else goes on here. It's great to go to your classes and then leave campus. There is nothing going on that keeps you here for any aspect of fun. I came here solely for the reason that I and a couple of muni stops away from the city.
Love the atmosphere. Great food. The beach is a 10 minute drive. The mall is a 5 minute walk.
Amazing school!
I took several semester at Cal State East Bay. East Bay has a nice campus. I tried to major at East Bay in Psychology. But I somehow got transferred to San Francisco State University. I like their Philosophy classes. The school is diverse. Students are very supportive and helping you out.
I love is here at SFSU. :
It's a large commuter school so you gotta make an effort to make friends. Lots of events going on everyday and everyone is pretty nice.
You're experience is what you make it at this campus. Coming just for class and not integrating your self in the campus community will cause you to have a miserable experience, and miss out on all of the wonderful opportunities this campus and city has for you and your education and co-curricular experience.
Go Gators... we need a football team...
Beautiful campus, very active. Easygoing, middle-class students. Most professors are helpful, want you to succeed. Lots to be gained at SFSU if you're willing to work for it.
overall good experience. Like any other college its what you make of it.
People are nice and teachers are helpful !
It's great but expensive to live here, so a lot of people can't go out or commute in from elsewhere. However, it's San Francisco, which is the greatest city in the world, and you're getting valueble networking from being in the heart of the Silicon Valleytech industry. It's what you make of it, and I personally really like it here.
Nothing more to specify. Great school for a Cal State Level. I'm an engineering major. I feel like Engineering and science profsclasses are great but humanities and arts sort of suck.
Not many words can explain how much I love this campus, the school is just a beautiful experience.
Yup
Yup...
I love SFSU! The campus is beautiful, the library is nice and the food is delicious! I have to commute and the school is very easy to get to from the South Bay, just up 280 and the best part is you don't have to go through the traffic-filled SF to get there. Super School!!
Best decision ever
Nice campus with some nice teachers. Classes are sometimes hard to get, but mainly you get what you need. It could be a little better, but it could be a lot worse.
School is cold other than that, its good
Very comfortable atmosphere for studying  and gaining knowledge.  I miss this Uni very much when I was back to my country. SFSU will inspire what you  in the many different ways of getting things done. Professors are very helpful, if you pay attention what you have learnt in the lecture, in the books, and in your personal experience.
The profs here, especially in the COB seem like they have other obligations. However, they don't take students' lives into account. They come off as unprofessional and disorganized, esp when no assignments  have been graded by the end of the semester and when they change assignments or the syllabus without notifying us students. Very Disappointing!
The school is a huge commuter school and being a commuter myself, and having a job back in the East Bay, it's been really hard to make friends, despite being there for 2 years already. Clubs are hard to join just because of scheduling. But I love the laid-back, diverse atmosphere. And the food is great!
Coming from a small mountain town I was nervous a school in a big city would not be the right choice for me, but after visiting the college it doesn't feel like a your in a city at all and has a very "green" campus. Made still feel close to he.
Chilliest people you will ever meet. It's a bit of a commuter school so try to get on campus housing! Try to join a club or make friends in your classes. They have unlimited amount of help from where ever you need it. Every school is a party school if you are looking for it.
It's an okay school, you really have to try if you want to make friends since a lot of students do not live near campus. You'll spend most of your time off campus. This is not the school for you if you want a big school spirit or football team type feel. overall its alright...
It a good overall experience. Stonestown  Mall is next door.  Get a job, interact as much as possible, and just be yourself. This is San Francisco; let your freak flag fly
I went to SFSU for a year. My first day here I knew I wanted and needed transfer. The campus has a very depressing feel to it. Classes felt like high school and the student here are not very motivating or inspiring at all. I didn't feel challenged to learn and grow myself. There is not campus feel, almost everyone commutes.
A very average school for undergrad. Grad school programs are nice though.
Considering the price, one of the best bangs for your buck.  In one of the more bland parts of San Francisco, but the campus is nice for what it is.  Good options in food as well.
Pretty cold here, other than that I like it here
Great school I really like it, the people are nice too
sf life is the best life
Library is nice. Buildings are outdated. Parking is the worst. Sports spirit is nonexistent here. People are friendly, diverse, and open. Commuter school. Food is okay, some options. Location is good, close to freeway and mall- not too much traffic. Dealing with administration is a bad time. Health center is great.  A lot of teachers are wonderful!
Transferring out after my first year. It's not what I expected it to be. Far from the city, in suburbia. The social scene sucks. Dorms are overpriced for what they are. Quality of education is far below what I expected. The classrooms are decaying. It just feels like an overpriced high school, basically. Not worth the money or time.
It's a beautiful campus, and I love the people here. It's a very laidback place. Housing can be expensive and the on-campus food is not great, but other than that I love it.
Not what I expected when I first got to this school. Campus is not very interesting but the city compensates for it. Its fun when you make new friends and join new clubs. Social life and fun isn't a given, you have to find it.
The college is known for having the only college of Ethnic Studies. So if you are a minority and you go here you'll become more in touch with and learn about your ethnic roots, history, and have more pride in your culture. It's tucked away from the city life but its' easily accessible by public transit. Social scene is truly what YOU make it.
The campus is pretty and well kept. It's a short MUNI ride away from the best parts of SF. Our library was just built a couple years back and is great for studying. Food is awful in the Dining Center, but the places in Caesar Chavez are good. I don't attend the on campus events but there are plenty of them. If I had to grade SFSU I'd give it a B.
This school sucks. No classes whatsoever which makes graduating impossible. Barely any school events. Make this place your last resort.
Last resort school. Not much of a social school. You're basically here to pass classes then go home. Might as well save money and go to a JC. I've ran into some good teachers. Very boring campus life though and nothing too exciting happens. A good school for people who simply want education.
Your experience at SFSU is what you make of it. If you stick around campus all day and night, you most likely will not have much fun. I'd recommend living in the Sunset District where most students live and most parties are. As far as activities, you could do something different and fun every weekend. It's the greatest city in the world.
Campus is gorgeous. If you live off campus, having a car is key. 5 min drive from beach. 15/20 min drive downtown. Social life is hard to find. The quality of your experience/professors depends on your major. Good for people who want to go to school for school and not much else (don't come here for parties/school spirit). Food is solid (I'm vegan)
The library hours are dreadful.  Internet is slow, and the campus is extremely dangerous at night.  But worst of all, finding decent housing anywhere nearby is next to impossible.  GOOD LUCK
We're not much for school spirit, but I am happy here! It really is what you make of it; there's plenty of good things going on at this school and in the area, both academically and socially, that are not to be missed.
Don't go here for film. If you've taken film in high school, a junior college, or read a book then there's nothing to learn here. Pointless prereqs in order to take real classes. My last year they're filled because ANYONE can get in them, which makes the networking selections slim. Most upper division CINE majors still have little to no experience.
The campus is pretty. Friendly students. Helpful staff. Have events for students who dorm and do not dorm. Feel safe while on campus.
All of the fun SF stuff is a short bus/train/uber or lyft ride away. The campus is located right at the border of Daly City so you have to carry a jacket with you because of the cold breeze and fog. The new library is nice and there are plenty of comfy places to take a nap or actually study if you're into that kind of stuff.
It is definitely a commuter school. I met some really awesome people in the dorms though so if you are living on campus it is easy to make friends. If you are super into greek life you may be a little disappointed bc the houses are way off campus. The school looks past a lot of student "recreational" activities and it's easy to get away with a lot.
The campus is super-pretty, and it's only a short trip to downtown San Francisco. Only complaint is that since it's a commuter school, it's not very friendly and personal.
I hate having to come here. The classes are far too easy, nothing feels like it has any weight or meaning to it.I get straight A+s but none of it feels serious or like I've learned anything substantially new. I haven't had any BAD teachers but I haven't had any GREAT ones.I don't connect to the people here and evry1 seems naive and uncool
Tons of commuters go to school here so the school's social environment is almost nonexistent but the city is a great place to live.
It is all what you make of it! There are so many opportunities at SF State get out and experience everything. If you sit back and watch your experience will be mediocre. The school is in the coolest city the people are great and you learn so much along the way. Love this place!
It's more of a commuter school
If you're someone who loves school spirit and student involvement, I wouldn't recommend this school. It's a beautiful campus and it was definitely a cool experience but it just wasn't for me. Living near the city is definitely a perk!
I'm a local, but this school's pretty amazing once you find your niche.
It's a nice little commuter school in a big city that goes to bed at 10 on the weekends. There's a lot to do but you have to go out and find it. Great for social justice work and big business connections, but the party life is sub-par and campus can get a little dry :/ Overall a good school, just not the same as the big universities you expect.
Take advantage of the ethnic studies here. Join the Metro program, the metro teachers are experts at equity. Live on campus to get the "college experience". Commuters are less fortunate to have to get up earlier. If you go near the big trees you can get a couple of bug bites. Not really a nature lover's paradise. Good food that you can buy.
It's a really great school that needs more recognition. Ethnic Studies is great here and we also have a really good communications program and business program if that's your thing. Join a club and you'll be happy here.
San Francisco State is a commuter school so there's not much school spirit. I'm in a Sorority so I love that aspect of this school, but that's about it. The weather is gloomy and rainy, and FOGGY almost every day. Honestly this school can be amazing if you make it. Live off campus, join greek life and get a fake ID and you'll be good.
I really love this school! You are about 25 minutes from downtown San Francisco. There is a serious lack of school spirit though. Most people commute but they come from everywhereeeee. Extremely diverse and tons of protests/movements to be a part of. Beautiful, green campus and a fancy library. Its definitely not for everyone, but certainly 4 me.
San Francisco State is an incredibly diverse safe social space for anyone and everyone. It resides inside of a: beautiful, progressive, artistic, tech forward, environment, we call SF. The classes at San Francisco state are stimulating and the students that attend challenge one another. They help you discover who you are and where you stand.
If you're looking for the true "college experience", this is absolutely not the place for you. SFSU is notoriously known as a commuter campus and the social scene around here is pretty weak. It's not impossible to make friends, but it is really hard because most come to school and go home. The food options on campus are on point, however.
Commuter school. Don't expect to make friends here. If you can afford some other school, pick it. It's usually nippy +unpredictable weather. Expensive parking lot. Food is not great. Some professors are great, but many others aren't. Stupid student account. Electives aren't electives. Too few class offered, graduation happens decades later.
It's a great school with a lot going on. A lot of students do commute but it makes it more interesting if you make friends with them because you can see new parts of the bay area. Its really close to a lot of places it's by downtown, height street and golden gate park. There's a lot of activism going around campus which is great!
A great school situated in a great city! Very nice people and lots to see and do not only on/near campus but around the whole city.
This school is a commuter school. Not a ton of "school pride" or organizations if that is what your looking for. However, the campus is beautiful and they offer great majors and programs.
I have been to three CSU schools. This one is my favorite by far :)
Average of the Average
good location, exiting environment , multicultural place.
The food is eatable, but not the best. The school is so impacted housing and classes wise. It's so expensive to live here and what you're receiving isn't worth it. The school is not in city, but bordering Daly City. The library is probably my favorite place and the nicest. It's not a bad school. The people are nice and it's diverse. Greek Lifemehh
San Francisco State is a really great school.  The Bay Area is a wonderful place to live and the university is located in a good area accessible to all parts of the Bay.  It truly is a diverse campus and you will a lot from the curriculum, professors, fellow students, and the surrounding communities.
The professors are mostly outstanding. Friendly campus; student body is very diverse and interesting. Housing costs are absurd;  tuition is affordable. Some facilities are cramped and dilapidated.  Good food on campus; few off-campus options. Administration is a  mess and act as if students are the enemy. Library is really really loud & crowded!
SFSU is a great school, one of the better state schools in California.
It's a great state school, but your kind of out of the way from the action in the city.
Decent school with decent public transportation! One of the cheapest university diplomas you can get in California. Faculty ranges from average to really good. Not many bad teachers. Great value overall.
Everyone is really friendly and open on this campus
The atmosphere of the school is just what I was looking for.
Its hard to find good things to say about this snake pit. The campus is old and dilapidated despite sucking in more money from students than I thought humanly possible. I have yet to get an even mildly interesting teacher. I have received more false information than true information from counselo. Every other day I get notifications about assaults.
Cool for what it is.  Pretty campus on the slow side of town. Nice library. Engineering school is improving. Good option for Bay Area natives with housing worked out.  Not ranked highly enough to move here from elsewhere- there are just so many better options. Ethnic Studies is always fussing they're going to be cut, but they just want attention.
Great experience
A commuter school, and is convenient. INTERNET is reliable, only if your a current student. food can easily spend alot everyday. Depending on your major, some degrees requires so much experience, and a good gpa to get into grad school or a job. Also they do not tell you , about experience is required for these jobs, merely to push you by, as a cash
Theres armed robberies more often than not, they are so unhelpful regarding everything from picking classes to having maintenance come to fix broken appliances, very understaffed and it shows.  Would not recommend this school.  Pick somewhere else.
The school is cool but it's not alot of parties or social events if you travel to school
It's in SF, and has a rich history.
The campus is nice, some professors are very disappointing.
This school is what you make it. Fun to be in SF. Teachers are generally good. Lots of commuters, so live on campus if you want more of the college experience. Very diverse.
A true commuter school. I would not recommend this school to those looking for the true college experience. The campus is nowhere near downtown. There is no school spirit or large student activities. Greek life has a negligible on campus presence and the sports teams are mediocre.  It's an ideal college for those desiring a cheap college diploma.
Not happy with this university at all. A commuter school, low graduation rate, high transfer rate, and an overall dead campus. Every weekend students leave to go home or to Berkeley.  This school seemed to be everyone's last choice university and its negative environment is discouraging. No greek life, no assistance, not a good school. Left quick.
SFSU is a pretty good college. If you love sports and want your college experience to be like the movies I wouldn't recommend attending. There is somewhat a greek life presence on campus, the people are chill, dining halls are okay but I lost weight upon moving. LIVE ON CAMPUS, YOU WILL NOT GET THE SAME EXPERIENCE LIVING OFF CAMPUS.
Love the campus! Overall new and accessible buildings, amazing library. As a psych major I've had some amazing professors and some crappy ones, just like at any other school. However every one of my professors exemplified the desire to see their students succeed but they will not babysit you. Social life/ connecting  is lacking here.
Its a commuter school, other than that, its a pretty nice campus
SFSU by far is a great school that has a lot to offer its students. The facility and staff are friendly and helpful, especially if you need help. For me, the only down side would be the commute. Other than that it's a great school to be in.
This was the most amazing college that I was able to experience. The towns dorm is super clean and comfy, the weather last summer was 90 degrees!!! And winters around 50 degrees. Almost like Los Angeles (where I came from). But the social life and academic surrounding is superb. I would definitely recommend this School to anyone.
This school has been absoutely wonderful in my eyes. I would strongly recommend this place to anyone who wants an excellent college experience. My professors were amazing, my friends were amazing, the city is amazing, the weather is warm (since San Francisco gets stereotyped by people who don't even live here) anyways, come here you'll enjoy it!
My 4 years here have been unforgettable. I was so skeptical about coming here in the first place because it's far, I don't like cold weather, I heard they had bad professors, and I heard there was nothing to do. But boy was I wrong! Don't listen to the people who say the school isn't good. Great professors, mix of warm and cold, so much to do.
Loved the campus, loved the people, loved the professors, love the social life, loved the city, loved the food, loved the dorms, absolutely astronomical.
Freshman year was a success for me. I'm not in my sophomore year of this school and it was such a wise decision on my part to come here! Wasn't sure if I wanted to be here or not but I just took a chance and was blessed! Come here for a great college experience!
In terms of academics & social life SFSU is a far below average. Commuter school that admits anyone that meets minimum requirements. Students are extremely nice but not the brightest. Not much to do on or near campus. downtown is 30-40 min commute. Your basically living in Daly City not SF. Its an ok school if you want to get in and get out.
Here you go. When I came to SFSU all I wanted to do is party, but I soon came to find out that it is not a party school. If you want the party experience, join a fraternity or sorority like I did. SFSU may not be amazing but we live in a city that is full of opportunities, i just got an internship at a large firm downtown. All you have to do is try
As a transfer student i regret coming here. My Community College had a better social life than SFSU. People here a friendly but thats about it, no events, no parties, no nothing.. Would not recommend if you want the college experience. Classes here are subpar. haven't learn anything relevant to my field of study. Just tons of busy work.
Cant wait to transfer out of this school. SFSU has a bad reputation in the Bay area, so good luck finding a job/internship. Campus is dead and far from D.t Sf. Nothing to do on or within a 10m radius. Very depressing environment, hard to stay motivated here. Would not recommend the "business school"unless ur ok with taking upper div courses online.
SFSU is a great school, small class size, great professors and peers. You will academically grow here at SFSU, because all the services are helpful and accessible. Tbh if you want good grades, internships, job, career and focus. SFSU is the right school for you and you will succeed. Party and other social stuff. DEAD.
It would be a lot more happy here if the food wasn't so awful. Only one dining hall that's AWFUL. After 8 PM, your only choice is pizza. Unhealthiest year of my life. That's what makes it depressing. And try your best to not stay in the residence halls. Try staying in village or towers so you have a fridge and kitchen.
This is a great campus, modern and there are plenty of people around to help you out with whatever you need.
Like any college sfsu has some good and bad aspects about it but its unfair to rate a school based on parties and events. There are some events on campus but literally hundreds of others ten minutes away in the city. Teachers are really knowledgeable and classes are  engaging. Don't expect everything to be perfect. If you like to party make friends
First thing's first: SFSU is a COMMUTER SCHOOL. This means the whole "campus life" ideal is really not it's strong suit. That being said, there are a lot of opportunities for people to get involved in campus events, especially within their specific majors. Their RPT department is a fantastic program that I'm glad I got involved in.
Like any school you attend,  SFSU is what you make of it. Reputation takes a beating from time to time due to politics, but overall this school is pretty great. I obtained my BA here, and plan to finish up my Masters here as well.
Honestly its not that bad
its a commuter school, a good school if your want to get a job, not have a career
Great decision!
Quality state school with a great campus in a great location.  Student body can get a little crazy with the protesting, but it is good that they are involved.
Great school. To really get a great experience it helps to join a Greek organization since it is more of a commuter school.
It is somewhat a pretty decent school. It has clean areas, cool places to hang around with friends, and great places to dine. This is a college you don't want to go to if you're all about the party-life of a true college experience, because this place is literally boring, unless if you party outside of the campus, or if you join clubs as well.
As an older student, 50+, I find it an interesting challenge having class mates and professors much younger than me. But both the students and staff have been great. I have made friends with students that are the same age as my kids. The professors have been helpful. I would definitely recommend this school.
A lot of emails about crime activity around campus, dont know if its just this year but just need to look out if youre ever walking around at night
Location is great. Right by a lake and a mall + target. Food is pretty yum in cityeats depending on the day but the places in cesar chavez are great. Internet is complete ass in all dorms. No good parties on campus because nobody lives on the expensive ass campus. Not too many good clubs. BUT! Besides all that the school is dope. made hella friends
Love the weather, and friendly student body. Very futuristic school, and get good vibes on and on campus. Parking is real difficult, and walking is fine here.
If you love colder, winder, and rainier weather, then this school is a great choice.
I feel SFSU is seriously lacking in clubs, I find it very art too find one that applies to me or is fun.
Great school, but has it's ups and downs like any other school.
Born and raised here so I'm used to SF but the school is okay, not gonna give it a bad rating just because I am personally an introvert. I haven't been to other colleges so I wouldn't know how it would compare.
Coo school
Great campus, people are very inviting. Get involved on campus if you want to do anything outside of schoolwork. School won't force you to be social, you have to make the decision. Join a club!
Enjoy walking A LOT!
The best school ever! Every college experience is what you make of it. Ethnic Studies changed my life and put me on a course towards grad school & becoming a professor. Everyone has been super nice in my college career here, and there are no snobby types since it's a primarily working class school. Love my professors and my classes!
This school is all about living in the city. There is less of a campus culture because there is so much to do outside of school. If you are looking for the stereotypical college experience you will probably be a little disappointed here. If you are looking to for a liberal, cultural, and artist atmosphere you have found it!
I love this school, but parking is killer. I love campus, and food can be iffy sometimes, but I love the aesthetic and the weather!
I like being at SFSU, as it's my first year and I'm living in the dorms, Mary Ward specifically. The food on campus isn't very cost-efficient and there aren't enough streetlamps so when it's dark, there are parts of the school where it's super dark. There are plenty of Pokestops and the Pokemon Go community here is pretty cool.
San Francisco State is honestly such an amazing school for all programs. Being a biology major wanting to go into Medical School at UCSF, SFSU has a joint program with the school and many of my friends who were in that program ended up going to UCSF. San Francisco as a city is amazing, there's always tons to do and so fun to explore. SFSU is great.
Elsewhere is probably better. Commuter school.
good school, very diverse
This is a great school. Highly recommended !
This is a good csu and its in the center of a great city. With the free public transportation you can go anywhere in San Fran for free which is great. Classes seem to be easy to get and easy to pass. Some teachers are not the best but most are great. The campus is small but very nice
Overall SFSU has had its ups and downs for me, the housing financial office is not very clear on due dates for payments, and don't even send you reminders. I am a second year student with a meal plan, however the quality of the dining hall food has dropped tremendously and I would suggest no wasting your money on a meal plan.
The perfect environment for me to learn and get to know people. I enjoy every moment! The professors are amazing, the courses are of a high quality and the people are wonderfull. Highly recommended!
