Not the school for you if you want a "college experience". The school for you if you just want your degree and nothing more.
SFSU is really good -- for a CSU. It's a commuter college, so you're not really getting the "college experience", and many aspects of the school can be dicey. That said, the campus is very diverse, there's a huge variety of degrees & majors (most of which are amazing), and there's a huge amount of opportunities to help you succeed.
Best campus I could have transferred to as a junior from Southern California.
SFSU is a great transfer and commuter school. You aren't going to find very many large school activities as the majority of students travel from across the bay area to attend class. There are no really sporting events, and the sororities/fraternities are a joke. However, there are excellent professors and the campus is beautiful.
I have come here from a University back east. I wasn't prepared for the lack of a "college feel". I know thats corny but this feels like a community college. Social scene is neglible! Terribly bad food! However, the professors are good. In some cases brilliant, many with incredible Ivy or Berkeley pedigree! Just a place to get a degree and move on.
welcome
Would I recommend SFSU? Absolutely not. The classrooms need updating, the classes are severely impacted, the wifi/cell service is laughable (and at times impossible to get work done b/c of this), but worst of all is the extreme liberal agenda they push. In my honest opinion, this school promotes division instead of the inclusivity they imagine.
Feels like a community college. There are many clubs you can join but they are for the most part not mixed races. I know many people who are way past their graduation date because there is too many people here. They serve the same food and rotate every couple days. Residence halls are gross and strict for your safety but bad things stillhappenalot
Great commuter school for me, awesome ambiance. I love the diversity and welcomeness the school reflects. Most of my professors have been inspiring and positively impacted my education. Parking sucks and In my opinion overpriced. School food is okay but I pack a lunch. Lots of opportunities if you seek them. Go Gators!
What a great institution to learn and grow.
Im a freshman and I don't really like this school. Its mostly a commuter school so not much going on around campus.. if you want the typical college experience don't go to SFSU. The classrooms need some updating too.
I hate this school don't go here. ): I feel lonely a lot and the clubs kinda suck...
This is my last semester here... Peace out chomp city did not enjoy whatsoever
Boring. Doesn't have enough classes for its students. Forced to take GE classes over summer because I couldn't get my classes. I don't know how they pick who gets to pick classes first but I was the last appointment for both spring and the upcoming fall. pretty crappy overall.
Commuter school no matter what you hear. If you're cool with that then you will survive the boredom. US News Rating said SFSU is 75 percent off campus living. Food is awful. But teachers were great in some classes.
Classes impossible to get into. No one is any help but also doesn't seem like anyone knows what they're doing. Better luck somewhere with more resources and more helpful staff to get you on the path to graduate.
This is a commuter school with many great opportunities for students to get into, but sadly the vast majority of the student population lives off campus, and the big crowd you see during the day, will all be gone in the late afternoon. Dorms and food options are decent. A trip to downtown San Francisco is also a great option to go to off campus.
Honestly, this school is great, I just think the students here have a inferiority complex. Sure it's not Ivy, sure it's not perfect, but its realistic. At SFSU I have met the weirdest people, as well as the greatest people. It's realistic, get over yourself.
It took a semester to figure this out: this is a ginormous commuter school, and its dull. But the worst thing is that the level of body odor in the library and many classes is unbelievable-seriously, there needs to be a mandatory class on body hygiene because some people smell bad and its beyond offensive. So carry air freshener or wear a mask!
Somewhat disappointing school. Not enough classes across majors causing later than expected graduations, many non-supportive advisors/instructors, overcrowded common areas, no real social scene. Take time and consider your enrollment. It may be easy to get into but you're going to get a very varied experience. I suggest SJSU for more credibility
I have good professors so I'm happy in that respect. I was unsure about some of the review s I read but some are true. No matter what you here, this is a huge commuter school. The person who wrote about library smell is correct but just needs to move up to the 4th level where its not so bad. I'm transferring to have a normal college experience.
Im a grad student,my opinion is limited to what grad students may be interested in. PolySci dept. has incredible teachers. Martel is brilliant. The library staff is extremely helpful. I commute by car, parking is tough. Food is below average, like a high school cafeteria. The campus is small but nice. The classes are run down. But Im very happy.
I love it. So many different backgrounds and stories.
First, city college, now this place. I returned after a decade and the tense social atmosphere of fear, intimidation, electronic harassment, and racist motivated surveillance by (minority) techies is surreal. Staff seem stressed out and students appear to aggressive watch each other for something/someone. Education is the same if not worst.
it's good if you're willing to make everything happen for yourself
Fell into a major depression for the first time in my life coming to this school. The social scene is almost dead here, a lot of times I feel very lonely. The teachers were not good. These teachers rushed the coursework and cared very little about students. The food is horrible. Not a school to have the real college experience. Will be transferring
I always see/hear people complain about State, when in reality, its a good school. I find myself super happy here, and haven't regretted going here once.
people say there's no social life which is odd because when I got here it was the complete opposite... in the first month I, a shy introvert, met tons of new people and made lots of connections and there seemed to be many clubs and organizations to choose from. living on campus makes finding friends soo much easier so I highly recommend that
Hard to find a prof who isn't highly political unless in a STEM major. Hasn't had a dean of students since ??? (only an office with a temp place holder.) Grossly overpriced tuition, parking, housing, & food. Classrooms are dirty and broken. If you are not a minority, pick a different school because this one will not welcome you or your experience.
Great school, especially if your going into the computer science area.
Here's my rant. Food is trash and expensive+there's no parking. Social scene is pretty much dead since its a commuter school. However join an club/org and it'll make life at state super awesome! I joined DB/APO/AnmtSociety/Pace and go out almost every other weekend to party/rave. Love the people, it's so much fun, but you have to put in the effort.
There's a lot of students, but the campus is small. Sometimes the university does not offer classes needed in a semester.
Though with redeeming qualities, many professors, counselors, and various staff here are not exactly the most competent, helpful, nor understanding as you would think their position if not just any decent person should be. Been misled by them many times whenever I needed help with anything. The character count in this box wont let me get specific.
I love it!!!!
Hands down the worst university known to mankind. The majority of staff lack etiquette, passion to help others, and are so dull and boring plan on not learning anything worthy of helping you be a true success. If the teachers arent successful how can the students be? I urge each & everyone of u to stop, hear my words, & run away ASAP. Bad Vibes!
This school is great and I've only been here for a semester. Sure, you'll see lots of negative reviews but it's mostly the slackers and people who are lazy to find out more about campus and make friends. I highly recommend coming here! Just don't dorm, it's too expensive. Rent somewhere close by or live at home/ with a family member.
San Francisco native, great opportunities, the faculty at SF State are amazing, mostly everyone I've met here is down to earth, and gives good help when you ask for it.
Do not go here. This is a COMMUTER SCHOOL so the social aspect is not there. The school lacks culture and personality. 98% of students go to class and go home or back to their dorm. The school has a certain vibe to it, most people that go here are introverted, quiet, dont want to be bothered, etc. so dont expect to meet many high energy personali
Simple statement re SFSU: commuter school; social life is minimal; food? walk to the mall next door; professors? I'm political science and very pleased; safety? I don't feel safe at night; Library? I want to go to law school so I live there and it's quiet only on the 4th floor ; Quality for cost? Best part of SFSU, not paying private school money!
If there was another chance, i would not come here. There is no good food on campus, food in here is bad and expensive. Career fair is such a joke in this school, weather is so bad, sometimes it just suddenly rains then suddenly stops, then it rains again! can't wait to leave here.
listen SFSU is only fun if you're part of a club or whatever. the worst professors. You pretty much get 1 good professor out of 5. The math department is a joke and so is the computer science department. the whole school is not even up to date, the toilets don't even fully flush, there's holes in the ceiling, and its ALWAYS stuffy. over populated.
Every department for a degree that actually matters is trash. Degree in Physics, Math or Engineering? Lol think again. They're all put back seat compared to what this school is about. Gender and Ethnic Studies dominates every other curriculum of this school. They get all the money. You'll learn about them in every GE whether you want to or not.
SFSU in single words: dull, grey, lifeless, un-engaging. The students seem lifeless, just like the weather. The professors are generally ok but you will find one or two horrible ones. If you can go somewhere else then do that.
Reading other comments, you will get a clue what this place is like. Imagine a public high school on steroids. Culture? "You should join a club". All of this would be OK if the degree were respected. You might succeed here, and don't get me wrong, some do. But why chance it?
If you're looking for a party school, this ain't it. Everyone is cool or whatever but if you don't find that good group of friends you'll find yourself indoors all day. Living on campus actually sucks. city is trash along with cafe in the park. They really just serve us anything and call it a day. MAKE BETTER FOOD PLEASE IM BEGGING YOU
I really love the courses offered here, and the professors care so much about each individual student. There is also so much history in this place, and its so much fun to learn more of it every day.
If you like city life, you'd probably enjoy this school much more than me. Because it is mainly a commuter school, it is very hard to get involved and meet new people. I came here to try living in the city, and I do not recommend it at all lol
Pretty big school; if you're outgoing and live on campus, you're more likely to get involved in clubs and make friends. Food's ok. Lots of diversity. Close to Stonestown, and accessible by bus.
I was pleasantly surprised at how nice the campus was at SF State. I was thinking it would be just buildings downtown, but it is beautiful. Lots of trees and grass and pretty quiet by city standards. Professors (mostly) are very willing to help you succeed. Not the toughest school around. Weather kind of sucks. Location is great. Campus life is OK
The campus seems to have improved from what I'm seeing in past reviews, though the business building could use a renovation. The new gym is GREAT! The food is limited to those who have signed up for the membership, no takeouts, and kind of pricey. Social life is what you make it. Great diversity, having students of different ages and races.
Just finished my first year at SFSU. It's really not that bad; you just need to be realistic about the whole university thing. It's a commuter school, but you can find social scenes. Food is alright-some days better than others. Wi-Fi is hit-or-miss. Lots of opportunities to network as a BECA major. A hidden gem with endless definite possibilities.
A commuter school with a severe near campus and on campus housing crisis. It is relatively cheap compared to my friends schools. I should have kept taking classes at CCSF and waited for a spot at a UC school. It just seems like a bigger version of a community college. Im considering taking loans since I want to go to SCU. Im really unhappy here.
coming from a sunnier and warmer spot in the bay, this school was a challenge for sure, getting used to being cold all the time. hard to make friends here as it is a commuter school and easy to feel lonely as well, even when ur not actually alone. safety def not a priority for the ppl who run this place. food's is ok, too expensive tho.
SF state is probably one of the most annoying place to go to. Bart is disgusting, packed with people, and expensive. The school itself has terrible instuctors, but somewhat decent networking since literally thousands of people are there. The food is not that great and they are expensive as well. Not much opportunities unless you like competition.
As a Dietetics and Nutrition major, this school DID NOT make it easy to succeed. Very hard to get help anywhere-- from orientation questions, not having enough class space, having to petition every class JUST TO GET IN, to getting a decent tutor. I had a very poor experience. Perhaps the issue was my department (FINA); this school is disjointed.
SFSU is a hidden gem. It very rarely gets mentioned as a CSU, but has a ton of potential. Having the time of my life here as a BECA major. Internet, food, and social scene is hit or miss, yet you can make it work. Very easy to get to anywhere in the city by Muni. Be realistic about college expectations and you will also enjoy it.
Old staff and faculty that just take advantage of their positions, rarely are they willing to support and encourage students.
I made friends
The professors (my first year) are just awful. Hospitality and Tourism Management, ENG114, Chemistry, Statistics, Counseling. I hate them all, theyre unfair and just plain mean.
I love SFSU it is an amazing school with alot of distinguished alumni especially compared to CSU East Bay and SSU
It is nice to be right next to the city but I wouldn't recommend this campus to anyone
this school is honestly not that great for someone if they dont live in the bay area. The dorms are extremely expensive for a school that is overall all right. The food is disgusting.... you'll never want a meal plan there but if you're a freshman you're stuck with one. Someone bit into raw chicken strips. I hate it and will be leaving.
Has a rep as a commuter school, but there are more local social opportunities.
Disregard the clubs and social ratings. I commute. Might as well stay at community college because this school is absolutely dead. No social life here. This is my second year. The teachers are just collecting their paychecks. Though I only had one awesome teacher Lee Weinstein. Pack a lunch because the food is unhealthy. Choose major wisely.
DO NOT come here unless you have a boat load of friends from high school coming with you and you live in SF.
Lots of people are saying that theres no social life here, but I highly disagree. I have met the most accepting and hard working people here on campus and in the dorms, you just have to be willing to go out and make friends. As for opportunity, theres an ABUNDANCE of creative people here who would love to collaborate. I would highly recommend SFSU!
PARKING IS A SERIOUS PROBLEM, DO NOT BRING YOUR CARS, PARKING TICKETS ARE $90, STREET CLEANING IS $80, I parked near a driveway and got two for $106
Let me point out that even though I'm getting SF minimum wage and I live with my parents, prices are still insane for me. And the food here isn't even good. It's slightly under average. In my experiences, people only talk to each other just to be "study" buddies and that's pretty much it. This school is a very "blah" school in my opinion.
I came here for my master's degree and consider myself fully capable of handling academia and college life. I have felt completely unsupported by advisors, ignored by professors, and dismissed by the underpaid undergraduate workers in the campus facilities. I am easy going, but there is a definite attitude here that fosters an air of depression.
Alright, I'm new. Here are my first impressions of this place: 1. Classes are challenging but you learn and enjoy them 2. Campus and common areas are well-kept 3. Great spot in SF (IMO) However... 1. Hard to make friends. Most people are just too full of themselves 2. Shuttle commute is always packed. Hard to get to and from 3. Food is expensive
I just like it
Ethnic studies
Saying you're a student here gets a lot of praise and wow. Especially coming from living in a small town, everyone is impressed that I've moved on to the "big leagues". Sometimes, though, it isn't all it is cut out to be. Location, opportunities, clubs, social life are all pretty good. Food, mail, laundry are severely lacking though. Overall 9/10.
The school will be what you make of it. The location of the school isn't the best, but buses are accessible. There's many opportunities and networks both at school & in the city, so you need to put yourself out there to get experience and not expect it to be handed to you. It's hard to socialize, so either join an active club or join study groups.
Awful college!!! Not recommended at all!!!
I like this school, but on campus housing is a disaster. They are disorganized, awful at communication, and don't seem to care about students at all.
the best. gonna miss attending in person
Dope place to be if you like SF and the hook up to the city. The school itself is dead average. Not much social but you can find a party every weekend if you try. Professors are all pretty cool with interesting backgrounds. Housing is meh and basic. On campus food is okay if you find the right place but the dining hall is TERRIBLE. Mediocre school.
A lot of courses. High cost of living. City is great.
SFSU has been my dream school since I was 13. I spent more than half my life idolizing and wishing to be a student, and when I was finally able to attend my years of admiration were not unwarranted. The campus is beautiful, courses well thought out and opportunities endless.
good
Honestly this was my second choice and I couldn't be happier in my choice. Teachers are great and campus is really easy in finding things. Would love more food options but they are good in what they have.
Some really great professors, only a few not as dedicated. Can have great opportunities and social events but you need to put in the effort to look for them, since it's a commuter school. Parking is too expensive.
SFSU has been such a special place to me. I completed all of my undergrad there and had a truly amazing experience. Most if not all of my professors, whether adjunct or full-time, seemed to care about what they were teaching. The campus itself is beautiful and always a pleasure to walk through; the city and climate of San Francisco help with that.
SFSU has a heavy "commuter college" vibe and makes it hard for students to get to know each other unless you started as a freshman in the dorms. The facilities and grounds are clean and well taken care of. The administration is absolutely terrible. No one knows anything about other dept. and takes weeks or months for a reply or anything to happen.
SFSU is a commuter college which means the social life is pretty much non-existent, and it's very difficult to make friends. Professors are a hit or miss. The only thing I liked about the college was it's location and how accessible it is with public transportation. I do regret attending this college and I would advise others to go elsewhere.
San Francisco State University is an amazing university if you put yourself out there. What I'm saying is explore the city, attend social events on campus, go to your professor's office hours, take advantage of the resources the university offers like CSLD and Project Connect, study abroad, and make friends in your classes! you will not regret it.
Thinking of going for engineering? Don't. Really, you're only sabotaging yourself. Facilities old and broken. Most professors incompetant. Majority ENGR students are clueless. You'll be forced to take excessive gen-ed courses, deal with the typical social progressive programs even though you'd just like to learn and implement engineering. A joke.
sh&tty eats is not tht good, but those midnight meals smack! It's a good school its just expensive. Plus most people commute so it's hard to find many friends in your own class. I did make a lot of friends through some of the hangouts in the dorms. Before school starts definitely go out and have fun bc that's rlly when you'll meet the most people!
