San Francisco State is a great place to be, I personally love the city, though I know it's not for most people. In person is great, and online instruction isn't so bad.
Don't expect too much from the school. Just a place to learn. Love their gym(it's new) and the library. But that's it LOL.
SFSU gets a lot of undue hate. Professors have been at the top of their game, on-campus facilities are nice (if not great), tons of clubs, and it's got a pretty ideal location right on the outskirts. Housing is expensive, but if you find friends it's fairly easy to minimize the rent expense. You only have to put in work to make those connections.
Commuter school over populated by Orange County daddy money girls and old people "going back to school". The teachers are lack luster and vary drastically on the spectrum of absolute favorite professor to "why are you a teacher if you hate yourself". This campus is in one of the worst locations because everything is expensive and no one has cars.
During freshman year I lived on campus and it was one of the worst experiences I had. Became extremely depressed due to no social life/professor stress. Also lost a ton of weight since the cafeteria food wasn't the best. I honestly don't know what I would have done if COVID didn't happen, remote learning made me realize the mistake I had made
It is a commuter campus that does not want to be one. Parking is nowhere to be found, most classes are impacted, and theft is common. Admin is impossible to get a hols of, you will only be somewhat taken care of if you work on campus because then you get to know people and can ask for help.
SFSU is a place to get a diploma. That's it. If you are looking for a lively campus, motivated peers, latest facilities, and best professors, look elsewhere. Cheating is rampant. As a recent Computer Science Graduate, I was extremely dissapointed with the quality and quantity of opportunities given by the department. Very much a "DIY" school.
I loved my experience here
you know, I don't think this is a bad school if you're just here to get your diploma to move on elsewhere. If you're looking to party or have the "college experience" this is not the place to be. If you want a bang for your buck pursuing your career, then this is your best bet. Opportunities are there if you look for them.
Way too highly political (and often skewed in all directions) all over this campus which makes an honest, fact-driven education a rarity at this school. Some teachers will grade you w/ bias based on their own politics. It's a rare and welcomed gem to find the few that do not. Cost of tuition kept rising while accommodations deteriorated.
Genuine critical thinking not essential here. Highly politically driven campus, student body, practices, and policies. Tuition is insane, especially for what you get for it. Either gain 30 lbs on cheap campus food or pay $10 for a healthy bowl of soup at Farm Fresh regularly. Many prof's cited wikipedia as their sources and allowed for it in class.
Like with most schools, it's a lot about what you make of it but SFSU has a lot to offer so if you don't take advantage it's your own fault. I met some really great people, some pretty awesome staff and always found interest and challenge in the curriculum. Part of me, (a small part but a part nonetheless), wishes I could continue to go there.
I am a graduate student in the English-TESOL program. I have only positive things to say about my time at SFSU.
How is this an accredited university? I would be crying laughing if I wasn't crying about wasting my money and time when I could have just read all of wikipedia for free and learned way more.
Definitely is what you make of it. Quality of your professors 100% depends on your major: Most of my compsci professors taught me nothing before changing. My GE professors and professors in my new major actually taught me things. I enjoyed my time on campus pre-pandemic. TL;DR: What you make of it, see what students say about major beforehand.
SFSU does have its pros and cons- you get the occasional good and bad teacher and if you just focus on the negative, your experience will be negative. The majority of the teachers understand the stress of college and are very accomodating. It's a slow-paced school full of creative people. Make some friends, get an internship, go explore SF.
A great place for those looking for everything on one campus that is linked to the entire city. Easy to get in and get out with your degree, but also nice to linger during class days since it is so beautiful - especially during the spring and fall!
Just an okay university. If they had football and all athletics were sponsored by Nike they'd have more school pride than they do now. Athletic fields amd facilities need MAJOR upgrades too!
I only went there for a semester because of COVID. But I did find it exceeded my expectations. I know its a commuter school but the campus is huge! I enjoyed the gym and the library the most. Great faculty, was not one professor I despised. All in all, glad I went there. GO GATORS!
Great school in a location that allows for commuting in. The teachers cared.
Most of the professors I've had are absolutely horrible. They act like they're there to get paid and not provide you a proper education. The school also did not handle my harassment case properly. Just offered to tell my profs to be lenient with me but didn't do anything about my assaulter. Other than that, campus life is pretty decent.
I am a current student 2021 working on my Master's degree. You have to create your opportunities. Tey do have a very active BLM group.
Avoid SFSU Earth & Climate Science. The Geology BS was watered down ca. 2007, and eliminated in 2014. Most upper div. courses now taught by lecturers; few tenured faculty remain. The grad. program's courses only exist on paper; only undergrad upper div. courses are offered as grad. courses. Chronic under-enrollment makes viable dept. impossible.
SFState isn't well known because its horrible. I loved SF but the school sucked. The faculty do absolutely nothing for you. The seem nice but they dont help at all. The internet was alright, the food was pretty good, the salad bar is amazing. Clubs, WHERE? No one was social there and I was so lonely. I developed social anxiety after being there.
It is what it is.
I was very disappointed with my Criminal Justice classes. They were less about administration of justice and more about WOKE social justice. Some teachers just kept complaining about Trump. When we went online, it was difficult to get a teacher to reply via email. Additionally, my diploma was printed on crappy inexpensive paper.
Been at SFSU since 2019, IR major. The SFSU experience is 100% what you make of it. SFSU trains you to be self-sufficient in every sense of the term. Nobody is really going to help you with anything, you have to figure it out. Social scene? Make one yourself or you'll be alone. I do recommend IR though, lots of options and the dept is high-quality
If you're looking to socialize, this isn't your school. If you're an introvert, it might be a slightly better experience. Club week before the pandemic was already laughable, club week after the pandemic is almost nonexistent. Events are few and far between. Administration doesn't know what it's doing and never will unless students take charge.
Beautiful campus!
I went to SFSU for Geography which has amazing faculty, students, and work opportunities. There are plenty of networking opportunities too. It's easy for students within my major to get to know everyone if one really wanted to. I also enjoy and recommend the school's study abroad program, gym, campus vibes, library. Administration sucks and is slow
There aren't a lot of opportunities to meet new people. Also be careful, I've been stalked here before. The campus is generally safe at night with the occasional raccoon or rat. There have been 0 club rushes and the school spirit sucks. OH! The food, is pretty bad. Everything comes from a can. It's fine here, but I think you can do better.
dude this school sucks and its not even near anything.
SFSU will gladly charge you thousands for propaganda teaching, little/no access to educational materials without paying thousands more, zero administration transparency, wikipedia references & youtube videos in lectures, and very low post-grad employability since businesses want skills, not emotions. SFSU does improve one's intellect.
I love SFSU Professor are very understandable in regard to mental health
SFSU's professors are very kind and forgiving based on the mental health and circumstances of students. If you're looking to make friends here, it's all up to your social skill. Otherwise being an introvert and recluse is very easy. There's lot of resources for getting help and not a lot of judgement is cast for being in a difficult situation.
So far my experience with Sf state has been good so far. This is my 3rd year and over the past 2 years I feel I have learned a ton. Professors are caring and they know what they teach. The social scene is not too bad in my opinion you just gotta put yourself out there. Great school with an amazing location go out and meet people!
I underestimated the university at first but after taking classes on campus, with so many incredible professors, I realized how lucky I am to be a student here at SFSU. I am also an intern at UCSF lab and just want to assure students that it's not the university that defines you and your abilities, it's you who creates opportunities in any career.
The administration has serious issues. Associated Students has no power and the campus is run like a mini police state, UPD all over the place. Almost no active student unions to be found. YDSA-SFSU has become more active and is one of the few orgs trying to hold the administration accountable however. I recommend joining them
Lots of people from different backgrounds, caring instructors and interesting classes
this is a pretty good school
Main thing, you come SFSU to live in San Francisco. The school spirit isn't the best, same as the social media presence. A major factor would be the lack in sports reputation and no football team. However the school tuition comes with "free" public transit and reduced BART cost which is your best friend when exploring the city.
AVOID ISYS!!!!!!! The only useful class is ISYS464. The department is subpar. There were only 3 electives offered and none of them were AT ALL useful or interesting. ISYS will not get you a tech-related job. Take CS, Comp Eng, or If you want a somewhat easy major that's also employable (data related jobs), choose Decision Science.
