Worest decision of my life to go to this dump. You would be better off going to GA Perimeter because you will get the same quality of education there for alot less.
Don't live on campus. The fire alarm was going off in my dorm almost nightly and the full extent of their effort to stop it was calling a meeting to ask whoever was pulling it to stop (It didn't work). The food in the dining hall was abysmally low quality, I ended up eating fast food almost everyday. Campus looks nice though.
At first, the campus is over whelming. It's pretty big. This is my third day of class, and I'm still getting lost. Which is probably normal :). Some of the buildings are complicated to get around aswell. When making your schedule,have a map of the campus handy and choose your classes according to the area, or you'll have a nice hike to class! :)
This university is amazing! Everyone has been nice. You can tell that these people are here for the students. For the new students fresh out of high school: I would definitely attend the summer sessions. Attending the summer semester for my first semester really helped me get familiar with the ways of college life.
UWG is a basic college without much to really get excited about or worried about. The newer stuff is pretty cool, but there's not that much of it. Depending on your major the school reputation is average to good.  Its not UGA, but its not bad. Carrollton is boring and it seems like the the townfolk don't really like having students around.
Love the school, It's constantly growing. Not all of the professors are as helpful as the president of the school promised. But, I just look on this site to avoid the bad ones.
Love it Go West! Well worth the money. I'm very excited that I decided to transfer here from my community college.
It's a great medium sized campus, maybe 12,000 kids. Big enough to have fun, small enough to still be a personalized experience. Great teachers and Carrollton is a nice small town.
The Psychology  department is unique, and is the academic gem of the school.  It is the only department that pulls people from across the world. Its origins go back to Maslow. Psych offers BAs, MAs, & PhDs (the only doctoral degrees at UWG. Psych professors and research areas are fascinating. An increase in funding is necessary to help them grow.
no social life
Go to class it actually pays off. UWG is a perfectly good school. Your degree does matter but do not forget to build on experience towards it either. No pool. New bookstore. Dorms are ok.
Biggest dump on earth!!!!!!!!! Go to KSU or Southern if you don't get in to UGA; actually go anywhere but this hell hole
Very nice school. It is in a small town so if you cant handle that then it is not the school for you. The Honors College is an excellent program and the campus improves and expands every year (new athletic complex, library, and bookstore!). I am very proud to be a student here and am excited to see it continue to grow in the future.
It isn't a party school, but where there's a will there's a way.
Commuter parking is very hard to find though, so be prepared to walk across campus. I've had all good teachers so far (2 years), internet is slow and the library's underconstruction (since I've been a student). So far all faculty have been nice and helpful. I enjoy going to UWG, but would go somewhere bigger like UGA if I could drive there everyday
The only problem is it's a suticase college. Everyone goes home for the weekend. I already had my friends there so making new ones wasn't a big priority, but it made it hard when you could never hang out with anyone because they were home
UWG is a great school. No, it is not as highly regarded as UGA or other nationally recognized Universities. However, as someone that is currently applying to graduate schools, the general consensus is that UWG is a good university that offers a quality education without the expense of some larger universities.
I love West Georgia :)
Impossible to park during the week, ghost town during weekend
DO HONORS COLLEGE!!!!!
UWG is a good school, especially the business, psychology,education and nursing programs! The professors genuinely care about their students. Social life sucks but its only 40-45 mins away from Atlanta so it's not all bad. Overall it's a good school, clean campus, decent reputation and affordable!
Great University. They are definitely making a lot of positive changes to the campus. The staff is great.
Love the school! Was a little skeptical at first but my advice would be to GET INVOLVED!! It makes college so much better!
UWG is UGA's retarded little brother.
I absolutely love the campus. It is very pretty at night. There is nothing around uwg though which can get boring on the weekends but overall i like it so far!
I absolutely love the campus. It is very pretty at night. There is nothing around uwg though which can get boring on the weekends but overall i like it so far!
On Friday afternoon, the place is completely empty. The bus system isn't perfect, but I would advise against relying on driving your car to class. Our sports teams aren't the best, but we did better this year than in previous years. Overall, there are a lot of positive changes and the renovations are really nice.
Do not listen to the negative comments about this University or campus. I am an International Student who intends to remain here for the remainder of my degree.Carrollton is BORING,but you are driving distance to bigger cities with more to do.The Princeton Review gave this University a fantastic rating and named it as "Best Southeastern College".
WONDERFUL school for academics, greek life, and clubs/organizations to participate in.
Dont Go West teachers are not understanding
The school has expanded so much since i started here. Stadium, library, bookstore and greek village are BEAUTIFUL! Go greek or play sports, you won't regret it.  Teachers are good and campus is getting nicer and nicer!  Now all we need is the surrounding area to have an overhaul makeover!
greatest school ever
I came to UWG with the intention to transfer to a bigger school after I finished my core. However, after my freshman year, I completely fell in love with the campus. What makes UWG unique is the closness between the students and professors. You're not just a number at UWG. Professors genuinely care about making sure you succeed!
This is one of the most beautiful campus' in the whole state.
Not my first choice. I grew up around here, so I'm dying to leave. The school uses a lot of money on construction. Not much of a college town. Lots of stuff around, but nothing much in walking distance. Dorms are okay. Very limited parking. Teachers seem like they want to help, but the bureaucracy prevents it. Decent value for an in-state student.
The University of West Georgia is an excellent school and I enjoyed every moment here. You don't feel like a number at West Georgia. The professors know your name and the class sizes are small.
I like the school, but I do not like the distant parking. I often get caught in the rain walking from the parking lot to class or from class to class.
LOVE UWG!!!!
Much of the faculty is not much help and many are rude and won't return calls or emails. I, among many others, consider it a school used to transition from highschool to a better university.
The University of West Georgia is always moving forward. Dr. Sethna has been an amazing leader for the University, it is sad to think of him retiring. I love UWG and hope to continues to grow.
The faculty throughout the various departments are almost always completely rude and unwilling to help. Many make it obvious that they do not care about their job or who they interact with. Expect plenty of mistakes made on their part that fall on your shoulders. This applies to nearly every department.
ok
I absolutely love this school. Teachers, other staff, and students are so friendly.
ITS A COMMUTER COLLEGE! The campus basically dies as soon as friday hits
You should know quite a bit that is never said. This school is atrocious. The professors are great, but the administration is deplorable. Hardly anyone knows what they are supposed to do, and there is little administrative support for students. The advice from an exceptional student is run away, don't walk!
Love UWG. Place has changed a lot and getting better all the time. Enjoyed my time as a major in Richards College of Business.
Well, at least it isn't expensive.
In one word, this school is horrendous. I do not ever recommend anyone to waste their time or money. I am stuck here do to loan responsibilities. If I could go back I would smack myself until I came to my senses with this school. DO NOT GO HERE!!!
loveUWG
The school is a very good school. The staff from every department are very nice and very willing to help. The professors I've had so far are excellent . The food is kind of bland and not much to choose from. Also the activities they have on campus and the weekends are improving. Great way to expand your social circle.
It's getting bigger, the school
Great school!
UWG has come a long way in the last decade.  The focus now needs to turn to better teachers instead of better buildings and facilities.
Its ok, would be better if we werent in carrollton, or if there was more to do
The best GO WEST. The University of West Georgia is a great college to attend. The campus is beautiful, everyone is friendly, the staff is there to help you be successful, the teachers are knowledgeable, and the overall college experience is AMAZING ! GO WEST . GO WEST. GO WEST.
UWG has its strong and weak points. Strong in business, nursing, weak in the arts and mass comm. The campus is nice, rural. Carrollton is one of the weakest college towns I've ever seen. They don't like the school in town, even though we're providing for their businesses. UWG is fine if you want to learn debate,not if you want a job in media.
Parking is terrible. They offer more parking for residents and not enough for commuters, which seems to be the bulk of us. Always fighting for parking, even in the back of the parking lots. Never enough spaces. WiFi goes in and out a lot. Bus always seems to never stop at the hut unless someone needs off. The bus drivers are pretty rude.
The staff does everything they can to help the students. They have always been extremely nice and easy to deal with. The majority of the teachers are reasonable to deal with and are there because they value your education, not simple for research. The value of this school, compared to other similar schools, exceeded my personal expectations.
I think that going WEST was one of the best life decisions i have made!I love this school and the professors. I do advice to stay very involved...it makes your experience at UWG so much better! GO WEST !
GO WEST!!!
Great school I love it!
Beautiful campus a many resources available
good school for the most part. parking sucks
I love it! I wouldn't trade it for any other school.
pretty good school overall
zero
I love the University of West Georgia. This year all the dorms have been rebuilt or reconstructed to update the campus. And the campus is beautiful.
awesome school
Way too strict and the food sucks. Also, there are too many Incompetent professors
This is good school its only my first semester so we will see what I think in a yr.
the parking is ridiculous for freshmen. we have to park all the way at the stadium.
I went here twice.  1996 and 2012. The University has doubled in size in terms of land mass and population.  It is affordable and the education is great.  Professor are accessible which is what I needed because I am a hard worker, but a slow learner!
I was having a great time at this school until every single social activity was taken away from greek life.  Terrible overall school.  This school could be great for students but they ruin it.
UWG has great classes, but the campus is sort of cat friendly and has horrible odors at times.
Great school, boring location and the football team sucks
GREAT SCHOOL! I love it here, wonderful decision. Great Business program.
Very excellent in helping you make decisions about classes
Such a beautiful campus! Great Nursing Program and Huge Greek Life. We actually have a greek village on campus! Go West! Go Wolves!
its not same party school it used to be (we miss that about the school).
great school
I love West Ga! I am gad this was my first choice!! Just watch out to campus police, they will pull you over for anything.
West Georgia isan awesome University! Many people think its small and doesn't much going on until they experience going west for themself.
Wish there was more to do in the town
The university is WAY better than I first imagined. The professors really invest in you. Undergraduate research and study abroad are easily accessible and have made my experience fabulous.
Find a few good teachers and faculty you vibe with and forge those relationships. Students are generally welcoming. Campus is walkable - about 15 minutes from one side to the other.  Good food. Lots of social events. Many opportunities like study abroad and conferences. Strong history and reverence in the region.
Excellent learning enviroment.
It has it's down falls, but it's a nice school and I'm happy here.
Go West. Go Wolves!
West Georgia is just an amazing school and I'm glad that I chose this school. Plus it helps knowing that my major Nursing is a huge one here.
The University is making improvement in many areas. They are working towards a program that  students are able to apply their education when they graduate, not just give them a piece of paper that says they spent four years taking the required courses and passing. A graduate can actual have professional skills, be able to use them upon graduation.
Attended as an undergrad and came back for grad school.
Its a gorgeous campus, food is mot of the time alright and has a big selection. The library a a descent size and my social life is great.
In some areas of the college are a little ghetto. Some buildings are brand new, and some just need to be torn down. It is definitely not my first college choice. The best word to describe UWG is "alright".
I am a non-traditional, adult learner. This university says it will work with adult learners. However I have learned that they actually barely help you. Basically you have to choose if you want to me an adult (parent, employed, etc.) or a student. They do not really work around your schedule at all. Terrible.
Its Cool here
West Georgia is a great school in Georgia, but the location is awful! There is nothing to do here. If you plan to go here have a car! The food just needs salt and the people here are great.
I love this place, I am moving there next year but everyday I am there I never want to go home. Parties are amazing, and so are the people. There is always something to do here.
Everyone here parties on Thursdays and goes home Fridays. Everything on campus closes early on the weekend so there is nothing to do. This is truly the definition of a suitcase college. It isnt that people arent nice, its just no one is willing to make new friends. It sucks, honestly.
kiii
In the middle of the country..
Goods: Small campus, easy to navigate, good professors, many degree choices, beautiful grounds. Bads: some crime, long commute to get to the interstate, parking is a joke, library is really a social club.
Really amazing school. Not your typical college from the movies though. Involve yourself around campus and you'll have no issues meeting friends and fitting in. Family oriented. We're a family!
Certain departments severely underfunded while other departments overflow with funds.
Everybody goes home on the weekends. At first the parties are fun but eventually it gets boring cause it the same people every week. Parties on on Thursday nights so don't take Friday classes. Freshman park at the stadium and its barely enough parking spot for commuters! Stay off campus if you can. Food isn't all that. Easy to make friends here.
West Georgia sucks.
The campus is beautiful.  Parking is not so great.  There is nothing to do on the weekends. You HAVE to be advised every single semester by an advisor in order to register.  The food is not healthy so you'll gain plenty of weight.  The buses are helpful. Most of the teachers are excellent. Lots of prerequisites for classes so be sure to plan ahead.
I commute.
with the exception of the parking situation, this is one awesome school.
Could have better internet in all buildings. Biology building definitely needs upgrading. Grounds are not as safe during night hours though the UWG police do try and protect. Overall a good campus but could use more intelligent people instead of the ones surviving on hope.
UWG is in a really rural town. If that's your thing, go for it.
UWG is a great overall school to attend. This is considered a party school but they focus HEAVY on academics. No easy As at this school. The food is through Aramark and they are horrible. Crime does happen but thats at an school and the locals in Carrollton are fairly nice to the students.
Could have a good thing going but the school does nothing to help with students.  They also try to tear greek life apart.
I hated it my freshman year ... I am now a junior and I love it. Overall great school if you get involved in student activities.
It's fine. Not too bad. Many resources.
This is a great university. Excellent facilities and full of good people
