Loved my first year
Go West! Go Wolves!
Like most colleges, it has its ups and downs but its a nice school
I am an adult learner enrolled in UWG Online taking 100% online courses for my specialist's degree since fall 2013. The "CourseDen" interface used to register, pay for courses, and monitor financial aid is extremely confusing and disorganized. The workload has been unreasonably time-consuming and unmanageable for adults who have jobs & lives!
Tuition is not expensive, but you will loose money in housing and food.
Great place to go to college!
It's alright. Freshman year will be the best, you meet new people and adventure the campus. By your second year, everybody knows everybody, no one's new, campus becomes suffocating, everyone has the same classes in the same building.  It becomes blahhhh.
Uwg's psychology department is the only humanistic program in Georgia and I'm very happy with this education. The campus is now tobacco free which is nice and the trees make it beautiful! There are on-campus resources for every need and you may choose how social you want to be by going to free campus events, joining clubs, etc or be a loner like me
I came three hours away to attend UWG. Best decision ever.
UWG is the school students always complain about, but they wouldn't dare let you talk bad about it. Carrollton is pretty rural but close enough to ATL that you could work there if you want. There are many opportunities if you take advantage of them & while I wouldn't stay here after grad, I can't deny that UWG is a huge part of my success.
The University of West Georgia isn't what I expected it to be at all. I knew it wasn't the best, but I had expected more. Definitely a very money hungry institution. In addition, I had expected the professors to but much more challenging than they turned out to be.
This school is really what you make it, and there is no way around it. The campus is beautiful in my opinion if you love nature. My only real compliant is the maturity of some of the people, but after fall semester its quieter and feels more like a university, and not a high school. Going Greek is the best part!
If you're involved in athletics then its pretty cool here
UWG is a good school. However, it wasn't for me. The location sucks. Most people just want to party. They push diversity a lot which is great. The school is still divided though. Biology department needs great improvement.
I have been a student at UWG for almost 5 years. The student apartments are gross and cost way too much. The professors can be good if you get lucky. Overall, I wish I had chosen another univeristy for my undergraduate. The univeristy is very unorganized and lacks dignity in each department. Go to UGA. #don'tgowest
Great school in an okay place with okay people. Don't expect it to be a social networking Mecca but its a fairly charming little place with its perks.
This school was my biggest mistake. ! City people do not do well in the country
I love UWG! College is absolutely what you make it. I came from 2 hrs away and knew no one. I met all of my closest friends through a near by ministry and from my dorm and classes. I love Carrollton and the people. The campus is beautiful and faculty is helpful. GO WEST GO WOLVES!!
West Georgia was not my first choice for school. I went to a different school my freshman year. At the other school I was just a check and a number. West Georgia actually cares about their students, the students experience and success. I love it here and I love being treated like a real person.
If you do not plan on joining greek life, do not expect to make many friends
Went West for my Undergraduate degree, now I'm back for my MBA. Still loving it!
At first, I did not enjoy this campus but it slowly grows on you. UWG slowly grows on you and you begin to love it. Be social and join clubs and be involved. College is really what you make it. I do not regret coming here at all.
It is kinda high price wise for what you get, and some of the dorms suck, but overall, its an okay school.
The University of West Georgia is a wonderful campus! It's very diverse. We are close to everything like six flags and downtown Atlanta. The people here are so outgoing and friendly. Join clubs and organizations and get involved. UWG is peaceful and beautiful and the parties awesome. Its like a home away from home. It gets better every day!
UWG is homey. It is located at the butt end of a tiny town called Carrollton, which is rife with southern charm. An endless amount of coffee shops and eating options off of campus and many local pubs make the atmosphere pleasant. The campus itself if beautiful, but don't try to eat here. Lots of trees, lots of kind faculty, lots of fraternities.
Great school i have enjoyed it so far, college is what you make it. Cant really say anything negative about it!
West Ga is a great school! Lots of friendly people!
It works for me
The food gets very repetitive very quickly plus it's nothing special . Join a club or organization so you have things to do. There isn't much around and everything worth doing is far away. Parking is very limited and ticketing occurs often. So far it's okay but I'm considering transferring.
Greek life here is awesome. Great campus
University of West Georgia is what you make it. if you sit around and be antisocial then it will be very boring. The food could be a lot better than it is but it better than most colleges. The internet connection rarely work on the west side of the campus so its best to invest in a ethernet cord. Other than that i enjoy UWG.
My experience at UWG has been average. It's not a terrible school but it's not the best either. Each year is better than the last though
Needs better grounds keeping. Needs more variety in clubs and activities.
The campus is beautiful and well maintained but the dorms some are quite outdated. The food is okay. The internet is currently being added to all dorms so at times it's not very good.
I enjoy the school better as a commuter than living on campus. It is a very nice campus, many options. Overall a nice school, just not so great location, but not horrible. Traffic is decent, parking sucks, and watch out for careless people!
West Georgia is a great school. They do a lot of extra activities to get you involved. Overall, I love the amount of students this school has as well as what it offers. The campus is beautiful and for the most part people are very friendly.
Party school
Great School! Love it here!
UWG is a fast-growing university that is definitely headed in the right direction!
Uwg is a beautiful school, the staff all around is great everything is well organized and if you need help with anything its always available. The shuttles are great when you're lazy like me, food is Okay, depends what youre use to, the campus is nice people however aren't that sociable, especially on the weekends the campus is empty, parking sucks
Campus is absolutely beautiful, especially if you like the outdoors. BEWARE OF SNAKES. There is really no clubs other than Sidelines, and that place really is what you make of it. However, the Greek parties are lit. Education here is pretty good quality and I'm confident that I will have no problem getting a job once I graduate.
Its a good school for its size. it has small classes like high school but also bigger classes. Great school. has its ups and downs but i love it here and im proud to be a wolf
BEST SCHOOL EVER
It's big enough but small enough to always see a familiar face!
I don't regret coming here because I have made some great friends. Just a few things to note, the internet/wifi is terrible (on an average day), there are hardly parking spaces available, and the food is the same thing repeated weekly. There isn't much to do unless you get involved in Greek life. The campus isn't safe at night. Atmosphere is great.
A Great place with great professors.
I transferred here from Georgia Southern University. This campus is significantly smaller, but it has has more charm. The small town feel is unlike any other. I love the people and the professors. No better place to learn how to be independent.
My time at West Georgia was OKAY. I enjoyed the biology department but did not enjoy the accounting department. The bookstore was closed during FINALS when I needed scantrons. Unacceptable.
It is definitely what you make it
The campus is absolutely gorgeous, and there is always ground keeping going on. I also love Carrollton. However, the staff here are some of the most horribly organized people on the planet. Have problems with your financial aid? Too bad. No one qualified is able to help you, and your classes will get dropped because of their incompetence.
I love UWG. The campus itself is so homey feeling. That was one of the first things that drew me to it. It's not too big but not too small. The professors here are amazing and they really care about the students. The Carrollton area is the biggest downside to being at UWG. There isn't much to do outside of campus. But overall, it's a great school!
Really nice school overall. Faculty and staff are nice as well as students all around campus. The campus its self is very nice not to big and not too small.
Its a medium size school however its not that exciting on the weekends. But so may clubs to be apart of.
It's just a lot that goes on stay alert at all times can be fun when people aren't acting crazy
The food is the same every week!!!
The school is pretty good looking, and during orientations it's very appealing. However as soon as school starts it all goes down hill. There are no events, crime's a little iffy. It's just not a place that I would want to stay at very long, let alone graduate from.
It's honestly a great place to grab a Bachelors and get outta here. It's real accessible, and I can't see how anyone else would have trouble. Besides meal plans, I'm kind of made at home here.
UWG is a great school ,  great professors ,good curriculum - if you're like me ,love to workout the gym is nice , get involve in organizations ,it is what you make it ,lots of opportunities here!
I like it here for the most part. I feel like if you aren't involved in greek life then you really aren't "involved". I don't think I would feel safe here walking by myself late at night. Classes are okay. Commuters need more parking in my opinion.
I hate this place
Does not receive the respect it deserves.
Around the time  the campus started Making these beautiful updates and changes, crime increased. UWG is a great school with a great variety of courses and have great new facilities. I think west ga is underestimating how great the school has come and won't make it's acceptance process more difficult
I have been at West Georgia since I was a freshman and I am graduating in the fall. I have truly enjoyed my time here. The professors are great, classroom sizes aren't too big, and the food isn't horrible. The only downside is that Carrollton isn't the safest place. The University is safe, but outside of the university is just a little sketchy.
Really nice campus! Downfall is the wifi.
I dual enrolled at UWG for two years and I am greatly pleased with the campus and the staff. The faculty is what makes the college experience for me. The only reason I am leaving is due to the fact that they do not have the program I want to study. Until next time, UWG...
Carrollton is a pretty small town, but there are activities on campus. The Internet isn't the best, get a router. The dorms are ok, I lived in the University Suites, and I liked it.  Some people have safety issues I have never had a problem but beware freshmen have to park at the stadium, and it is about a 10-15 minute walk or wait for the bus.
The University is OK. if you live on Campus its easy to get around but if you wanna get off campus its annoying;the Shuttles they use ONLY comes once a week. At night its a little dicey because students get robbed. THEY ALWAYS GOING UP ON THE DORM FEES and thank GOD for Delivery and GIOVANNIES. Teachers are so-so, if i could re-do;i would R U N
It's chill!
UWG is okay for the cost of attendance.
If you like being in a town filled with older people you will love it here.
I have been here for 5 yrs now & have enjoyed my time. Carrollton has fun places to eat & drink and the square never disappoints (concerts, etc.) Class room size is smaller & I liked that. Everything is in walking distance on campus. However, the WiFi is pretty crappy & you do need to be careful when it comes to safety. The sports are good as well.
UWG doesn't receive the credit it deserves for the programs they have like nursing and UTEACH. Carrollton is a small town but there are things to do. Parking is terrible and the internet is spotty, but where is it not? I have never felt significantly unsafe, but I do have smaller female friends that do. The food isn't great but EC always has pizza.
I resisted applying to UWG because 75% of my graduating class was going there and it was extremely close to home. I am proud to say I could not have been anymore wrong. I am glad to be a Wolf.
I am a junior at UWG this year. My freshman year I attended Albany State University. When I transferred here I felt out of place and a culture shock all at one. If you transfer from an HBCU you will be disappointed. 12 shuts all parties down by like 10. But there is a lot of work study jobs available on campus. Academics are harder than at an HBCU.
not that expensive nice parties respectful people and beautiful campus, too many bees though
Excellent
Its okay. Some thrive, but I am kinda sick of it XD. The campus is pretty in the spring. No one here is too helpful (though that happens everywhere). The food isn't bad, it is just the same thing every week, sometimes every day. Very clean facilities though.
Not a terrible place to study.
Parking as a freshman is a total struggle and they could just let them park in open lots around campus, need better wifi, but I am so glad I decided to come to this school. the campus is so welcoming.
Parking is awful and don't rely on ITS to fix or update ANYTHING. There's also been a huge influx of armed robberies this year. The campus police will blow up your phone with alerts.
It's not a bad school but it is very wrapped around Greek Life. If you are not in it then there is little to actually do. Any college you go to safety will always be an issue. Just don't be stupid and NEVER walk alone really ANYWHERE. Date drugs are pretty big here too so don't receive anything already opened. Rec center has been my saving grace.
I am a Freshman and I just completed my first semester. So far I can honestly say that I love the school so far. The campus is not TOO small and its not gigantic. I feel that its the perfect size. The campus in my opinion is beautiful too. The school has many opportunities for socializing and many other fun events but the music sucks. Athlete btw.
Carrollton is basically the one little oasis in a desert of farmland and cows. It is relatively close to Atlanta, but it's still about an hour's drive away. As someone who grew up in the suburbs, that's pretty far. At least, compared to what I am used to. Anyway, there is not very much to do here. Other than that, it is a reasonably good school.
Honestly, depending on your major West Georgia is a great starter school. With that being said, I think that West Georgia has some good things to offer. The Greek life seems to always have fun, food is pretty good and the school has a pretty nice medium sized feel. As for off campus, unfortunately there is not much to do, it is pretty sketchy.
I'm a graduate student and the housing for graduate students is not available except off of campus. There is no public transportation in Carrollton so be aware of that if you intend to move here. The closer you live near campus the higher the crime is which is why the rents are iffy. Utilize the roommates options when you can.
