UWG is a wonderful university that is in a superb location with many activities on and off campus. The professors are (for the most part) very helpful and educated. I would recommend this university to anybody!
The teacher's, student advisors and the financial aid department are awful. You really have to make sure you know someone who previously took a course and rated the teacher, you can't rely on rate my professor. The teachers in the art department are so judgemental and they don't nurture your talents if you aren't a Picasso artist already.
I attended this school for one semester before transferring. I felt very unsafe and had friends with lots of scary stories of walking around campus alone. Not much to do in Carrollton except ride a bike on the greenbelt to Target. I was tired of the food while I was there, but miss it now! I would give anything for a burger from the wolves den.
The campus is beautiful, and I think that they are doing what they can to keep it safe! The housing is not great (not a ton of options) and parking is HORRIBLE, but there is a chick fil a and a starbucks in the middle of campus that make parking and walking worth it. They have lots of nice facilities as well if you look for them!
Pretty small campus but large student body. Needs more parking!!! Professors are normally good. Has some good programs. Known for our business program. The bus route is super helpful. Wifi was finally fixed this semester for Mac laptops and works alright. I haven't met anyone yet that I absolutely hate. So far so good!
University of West Georgia is a great school. Most programs rank well across the country. They're in a transition to become a D1 institution therefore are building a copious amoubt of facilities.
Coming West has been one of my best life decisions. The wifi sucks sometimes, and the food isn't always the best, but if you get involved you will never be bored. There isn't much to do off campus, but Atlanta is only an hour's drive away if you're desperate for some scenery other than cows and trees(:
Glad I came
i love going to west georgia its not too big but not too small
Great southern atmosphere with friendly and helpful students and staff.
This school has a great atmosphere, Greek life, club selection, and dining halls. Campus is beautiful, and everything is easily accessible. I always feel safe on campus, and there is always school spirit throughout the year. GO WEST! GO WOLVES!
Good so far
Visited the campus. Campus itself is pretty cool. Newer buildings and facilities makes for a fresh feel. Only concern is the town of Carrollton seems dead.
Great atmosphere
This school is so mediocre that I left. Better suited for someone who is older who has no time for extra curriculars and is existing just to get by. Not a place for your typical college student. Also the town turns feral at night. You can also be a 3 time felon and go here. You will get tired of seeing the same people every day.
This school is not too far from the busy streets of Atlanta. The city is quiet and reserve. There are many clubs and things to do on campus. For people who live on campus, the school provides events on the weekends that are quite fun and FREE! The food is great and the staff and faculty are more than helpful. There are always parties and kickbacks.
I loved this school my first two years. After entering into my last two years and program(education) I HATE THIS SCHOOL. Not the environment but the staff and inability to properly handle situations. My professors the last two years have been unorganized and poorly plan. They have many filler classes to make money here. I wish i hadve transfered.
Absolutely NOTHING to do on weekends! Bring your car or you'll be miserable. Needs more things to do. Really Boring
The cafeteria food is disgusting so be prepared for that
pretty mediocre school all around. cool professors but there's next to nothing to do on campus for fun and nothing in walking distance to do so get used to being in your dorm a lot if you don't have a car.
West Ga was my home from day one! I wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
Overall UWG is good. Carrollton in general is relatively small with not a whole lot to do. UWG mainly lacks in their involvement. If you want to be involved Greek Life is your best bet, but if you're not into that it might be difficult getting involved. You can have a really good experience here though; it is what you make it.
University is close to Atlanta. I enjoyed the location and had great professors but the organization of this university is horrible. I have on multiple occasions received randoms people official documents in the mail. I have also had horrible advising and have been ignored by the dean, department chairs and multiple other official offices.
Going to UWG wasn't my best undergraduate experience but I'm going back for another degree. Tuition is very affordable. You will meet people on campus but chances are they live with their parents-two. miles. away! The football team is pretty good but I've never been to a game and I LOVE FOOTBALL. UWG just doesn't excite me.
Just come and transfer
Its okay, pretty average
Kinda sketch if you're alone walking on campus. Teachers are cool, go greek to make friends.
It is a great campus to go to school, it is Clean ,Affordable, and Has high value of education for the price you pay.
The school was a good core university before I transferred, and I made plenty of friends there. The professors are hit or miss in a couple departments, the food choices are somewhat limited, but satisfying, and the campus is pretty clean and up to date. Only downside was the lack of things to do in the area. I would recommended UWG overall.
Professors are great but it's very hard to have a social life unless you get involved in Clubs. Carrollton also just sucks in general and there isn't anything to do in the town but eat. The campus is nice though.
West is a good school overall. For the amount of money I would say you definitely get your moneys worth. Carrollton is very boring! If there's nothing going on on campus then you have to travel to the surrounding cities to do anything fun. It's what you make it. I've enjoyed my experience here.
Not what it used to be
Beautiful campus with wonderful staff. As a music major, my workload is very large, but all of my teachers work really well with me to help me through things I may not understand. The food is incredible, and there are a lot of ways to meet new people and feel at home.
Honestly I would recommend others to go here. the experience is wonderful and I love it :)
Theres a lot of activities and things to do around campus but a lot of little tricks you have to pay attention to
Not planning to transfer
It is a smaller campus but has been distinguished for the natural beauty on campus, as well as the diversity of the students and staff. Behind the campus has been known for some criminal activity and drugs, so be aware at night time. Plenty of opportunity in academics, but the town is not a college hot hotspot like UGA, KSU,etc.
Love it here.
Do yourself a favor and go to a more credible school. There's no reason to come here unless you're pursuing a nursing degree.
I love this school. I was worried about it when I decided to go here, but I have loved every minute of it. They have something for everyone here. Don't miss your chance to Go West!!!
West Georgia is all what you make it! If you take the initiative to get involved make friends and participate in activities you will have the best college years of your life. If you just complain about campus and Carrollton your experience will reflect that. West Georgia offers so much to its students such as employment and supplemental help too!
UWG has given me so many opportunities and always makes me feel cared about. The staff is great, campus is beautiful and i have met some of my best friends here. Even though it is a smaller school it still delivers on the full college experience.
Definitely would not recommend graduate school at UWG. The area is boring. Administration and faculty preach one thing and practice another. Don't waste your time here, there are much better schools in Georgia.
The University of West Georgia isn't a bad university. People just have to take advantage of certain opportunities.
It's small, yes, but still gives you a bigger school feel. Sure it's not in a big city, but that means less traffic getting to class. Housing is cheap on and off-campus. Campus life is very active, plenty of groups and sports. Job opportunities on campus for students. UWG has it all! Flexible class schedules, and great professors who care. Just A+!
UWG's location is its biggest setback. The Carrollton area has an uninviting environment due to racism and lack of diversity. They also do not want to bring more activities to do around the campus for students. The University used to try harder in the past to have activities but now it's the driest college town I've seen so far.
