My friend was stalked by one of the graduate student. He was her school tutor. We called the campus security/police right away and he was arrested and we never seen him again. It was still scary experience. Basic Dorm rooms are very dated and not that clean, but the newer apartment-like Dorms are clean, quiet and decent. Faculty staffs' kind.
It's relatively quiet campus at a very ordinary school in the country. You definitely want a car to live on campus in order to do anything fun within the city.
UWG is known for its low graduation rate. The university is currently switching to a nursing program, with STEM fields being shoved into the broom closet (literally). If you're looking for anything other than medical or business, look elsewhere. The area around UWG is dangerous, though, a high police presence on-campus.
Teachers and head faculty dont seem to care. Its a decent campus, nothing over the top. Housing isnt surrounded in the best neighborhoods and the wifi is spotty. Not many activities. If you dont have high expectations youll be fine. If I wasnt so far along in my degree Id transfer.
The Univ. of West Georgia is a smaller campus in a tight-knitted community. It's a diverse school with students from all over. You feel like you belong. It's a more advanced campus than others, with constant renovations and new additions. The school's tuition makes it very distinguishable and a no-brainer to attend.
Participated in the Dual Enrollment program at UWG Newnan Campus. Beautiful campus and well laid out for ease of use. Teachers are amazing!!!
School does not do enough to promote college experience outside of classroom. Students has ZERO pride in the school
I've had problems since the first day. Their communication is awful, you'll spend hours on the phone and never get the right answer. Their advisors are a joke and caused me to take classes I didn't need and then told me I had more to take after we had already figured out graduation. Costs almost as much as the bigger, better universities. STAY AWAY
I have had nothing but positive experiences all around! Everything from the professors, curriculum, faculty, advisors, student employees, online communications, and student involvement on campus is above and beyond! I'm proud to be part of UWG.
This is a great university. I highly recommend it.
It's right down the road from my house. The professors overall seem to want you to succeed. School events and extracurricular activities have never interested me so IDK about that. Southwire is around the corner and very influential for business majors. I'm still enrolled and really enjoy the vibe here.
I do not recommend attending this school what so ever! They make it hard for you once you get closer to graduation and they have no compassion for their students. If I wasn't graduating this semester I would transfer because this school does not live up to the hype and its sad considering all the funding they receive. absolute trash
Such a terrible university. I have been utterly miserable ever since I have been in this college. I have had so many problems with it to the point I won't even recommend it to anyone. Dorms are ridiculously expensive. Education is horrible. The professors here are bad at teaching. Parking is difficult. These different departments can't answer thei
