This is a great school, I enjoy going here.
One way or another they make life difficult for no reason.
It's so dirty and just a miserable atmosphere.
dirty and miserable surroundings .
At first I did not wanted to come to York but then i met new friends and my teachers are great so its being good up to now. ^_^
I hope you are just planning to come to this school to get you're GPA high in order to transfer to a better school...you do not want to graduate from this school, trust me.
This is an average school. Lots of diversity. Atmosphere is ok.
at the beginning the school looks bad, but when days passed that it is not important. because my studies involve me so much that i don't pay attention to it. there is no time when you are studying and want to have good grades.
The school has great social events but unfortunately the professors are not helpful. You will find yourself repeating courses. Your finals are limited to two hours but the booklet you get demands more like three hours. The campus is nice overall.
The cafeteria food is really bad. They need more healthy foods and the prices are so expensive for everything. The bathrooms are awful, a porta potty is in better shape. They need more tutors for all subjects and it should be offered everyday, even evening hours. The Professors need to want to teach and make sure their method work for the students.
York is a decent college, many people here are pretty friendly and the school is really convenient. You have the LIRR, the J& E trains, numerous of buses to get to the campus. Professors here are hit and miss like almost any college, you'll get complete trash or great professors.
There's nothing wrong with this school. it depends on what you want to do. It's good from my perspective. Bathrooms could be better (but that's in every school... I've seen Hunter's bathrooms) the food could be better, some professors need to retire, yes, but besides that, if you want to go to a diverse school, i recommend this one.
best college.
no comment
York is in the middle of the Ghetto but the people that attend are not. This school is what you make of it! The library is terrible because there is holes all in the ceiling, also there are some staff that is completely unprofessional and does know how to teach. York is great if you look up your profs on ratemyprofessors.com!
ok school...
Always call before coming in, they'll often ask you to come in for a particular issue and you then realize it could have been handled over the phone.
Transferring but Im sad that Im leaving. Everyone is so humble at this college. It is in a great location. I love the fact that its so diverse. My major isnt here but I wish it was. I didnt wannt to attend first but after I went and met some interesting people I wish my major was here.
most of the school administration and staff are lazy and uneducated. this school doesn't offer sophisticated, diverse majors, which is sad and disturbing. this school is a 0.7, am F. this school is terrible.
All of a sudden none of this really matters. You're attending college for one reason, and once you've become occupied with your studies, the location, quality of food, etc., shouldn't matter. The teachers are educated for the most part, the library should be quieter, and the location is very poor. Nonetheless, not a terrible choice.
good
it's o.k.
York is train accessible, the people are ok. You will be able to fin professors that will make you enjoy a subject you never even knew about. I'm glad I attend this school.
This school is a joke. There are some helpful staff, but not so much in the financial aid office. They never want to help  much, they send u 2 different offices and have u come there  20 diff times for 1 thing just because they dont take the time out 2 tell u everything. parking: during a graduation a guard told me they have 4 me.
Most science professors are either non-reasonably hard, don't care about you or don't know how to teach. And having the professor's previous semester's test papers are common, unfair for other students.
Of all of the schools within CUNY, York is by far the worst. They staff, for the most part, are not helpful. Also, out of all the CUNY school, York has the lowest graduation rate. I believe it is about 4%. I am sure that once people get a taste of York, they transfer out, or just drop out. Do yourself a favor and do not enroll here.
I m happy to be part of this school
Most of the staff in York are unprofessional and rude especially in the nursing department. The advisors are horrible they don't guide you properly in what classes to take, I am gladly transring out because I can't take it anymore.
What I find most irritating about this school is that you have to go through the financial aid office in order to request a loan.  I went to BMMC for a few semesters and it's all done electronically.  As long as you file a FAFSA you can request a loan electronically.  I guess this is how someone keeps their job.
The bathrooms are a mess.  This school needs automatic sinks and flushers, with a dryer.  A lot of the time there is a lot of water on the ground. The CL building is 90 degrees year round.
The classrooms, bathroom and stairways are very dirty. However, most of the professors are nice. I find that this campus mostly favor blacks.
j
Campus is completely neglected. It's all about show and diversity. The student population can rarely compete with other STEM students in so many better schools. Most students just want to go from York back to another CUNY school because they know they can't compete with real stem programs outside CUNY.
Could be better.
i love this school and the rate my professors website its pretty good
they need to get new professor because they one they have here are bad especially the one in the biology dearment
Great professors
don't waste your time. no real dance team or parties or anything, super boring. not a social campus.
Financial aid, registrars, admissions are all irresponsible and very rude. You ask a question none of the employees have an answer, they contradict themselves. Official transcripts have been lost, yet no one can respond in regards to missing documents. SUPS or DIR "aren't available for students" you have to call. No consideration for students
They are divested and have different things to offer.
When looking for a college everything matters including the appearance. The bathrooms are old and dirty and there is graffiti everywhere. The campus looks better in the summer once the leaves and flowers are back. Their food is average(not too many choices), you also have to share the campus with the high schoolers.
Good professors except in cultural diversity department. But inside bathrooms, stairwell and classrooms are dirty.
All over not bad...
Save your money, attend another college
Horrible
Most of the administrative offices are useless  financial aid, registrar , admissions etc students are not valued ,education doesn't seem important here,  they are extremely rude and never answer questions hardly any scholarships are offered. The bathrooms are gross only thing they have going for them are the professors that is all 
not a bad school
The bathrooms and stairs could be cleaner. The cafeteria got better this year: you have more choices. Professors are great (apart from some old ones that should retire). Overall it is not a bad school .
All over good.
Most people don't attend York unless they plan to transfer. Just about everyone you meet will tell you so. The campus doesn't look the greatest but there are lots of places to sit and hangout. The library is decent and so is the cafeteria. Most of the professors are average but there is a VERY limited selection of clubs. Overall the school is okay.
York College has a high school atmosphere. No quality space to study. The library has a limited area of rooms to study! Many of the professors are part-time and have no time to discuss the  course material after class.
The staff is annoying. They absolutely don't care. If you find a staff member that cares stick with them, there your only hope. The staff always blames things on you. No communication. They just hand you paper work after paperwork in the financial aid office. The teachers are decent. The bathrooms have stains and don't lock. Outdated!
ok
A majority of the administrative staff could care less of others' behalf. They are there to do the least of their jobs and get paid for it. Admissions office has to be  kept on their toes for your documents to be submitted; financial aid office hands you new paperwork every visit; registrar office directs you elsewhere so they have less work.
Overall good school for the money. Great starting point.
Avoid going here if you can. The school is very unorganized, most teachers deaf and there is no school spirit. you just come to school and go home.
It's not bad.
It's not bad, can be better.
I just feel like the schools alright, food is great, people can be helpful at times, Location soso and the students is friendly sometimes and faculty can be helpful at times not all the time.
If you are looking to get a degree and get out then this is the college for you. Teachers are great and you are most likely to receive good grades because of how helpful the teachers are. However, this is  a commuter school. People come to class and leave. This isn't a party school or social school.
ITS OKAY
This school is not as bad as what everyone says. This school has a lot of great opportunities and many awesome professors.
York is a small college. It's easy to get yourself familiar with the neighborhood and the main building. It's diverse and you will meet a lot of people if you are willing.  It's easy to get to. You can take the train, the bus, etc. It's close to Jamaica Ave. and it's a commercial area. If you wet your underwear, just go to Old Navy :)
York is a very good school. It definitely prepares you for graduate school and the corporate world. The professors are awesome; they challenge you to think critically and write like a scholar. The institution is very on liberal arts courses, maybe a little too much. I have no regrets going to York. I would do it again.
This school is horribly wrong in everyway. The people do not assist you in the academic office and financial aid. I am trying to get into OT program, which I believe I won't be accepted because they are very discriminatory.
Its okay I guess
