It's not as bad as it seems but I wouldn't recommend it. There are better colleges in the city if you don't want to go away!
It gets the job done and that's fine with me.
Prepare your strategy once you have entered this school, get the right credits plus the GPA in order to transfer out. You will realize the line at Registrar. The main campus and library have an ugly atmosphere. Some professors are still great. You have been warned.
This is a get in and get out type of place. The library is no noisy.
This is a get in and get out type of place. The library is no noisy. there are some greta professors
Tuition is great. Professor are great except any science professor. The staff are very rude. Social life and school activities is blah.
I Hate! I Hate! I HATE THIS SCHOOLLLLLLLLL!! I'm doing great in my classes. The STAFF?? Bursars, registrar, advising, etc.. Despicable ! They don't know how to do their jobs at all. they have no answers for you and never pick up the phones when you call. The only help you get is if you get it done yourself or a friend tells you from experience. ugh
Wish i could go back in time and go to another school. I have had some phenomenal professors but i've also had the worst in the world. Overall the school is outdated. To its defence theres no recognition from cuny. It does have one of the most incompetent staffs any college could have. You will not receive the best education here!
This school is somewhere you go because tuition is cheap and you can transfer out quickly. The staff is horrible, bursar is incompetent and you rarely get help anywhere. It should not be anyone's first choice schools.
This school gains no recognition, and the staff is the epitome of it. Bursar's and Registrar's have zero competence. The lunchroom is quieter than the library.  The bathroom is defaced with graffiti. It does not feel like a college as it is an extension of high school with classmates of an IQ of a doorknob. Science professors are excellent!
The staff office has not respect towards students. If you ask fro question regarding documents or information there are available but when it time to charge for the semester the school system work takes your money in less than 24 hours. Think twice before enrolling to this school.
the people are ok. workers show no respect to students. ive seen better schools and staff
I love this school everyone is so nice and helpful
Don't come here
York college is one of the top for PA program and the top for Aviation major. I'm aviation management major, and many students get to meet managers and personnel from airlines and airports through Aviation Club, which opens many doors for internships. Besides my major, York has variety of activities to do. I'm truly enjoying my college experience.
The bathrooms are trashy, the cafeteria is mediocre, and the office personnel aren't the friendliest. Don't let those negatives trick you. This is a developing and competent college with plenty of potential. The YC experience is all about engaging others and taking grabbing your own opportunities. Your best friend here is self sufficiency. T
The bathroom's are almost always dirty.
The location is very convenient for students living in Queens. However, the surrounding area is not the best. This school does not get the respect it deserves. I love the fact that it is so diversified. True representation of New York. The professors are great and the students are very friendly and helpful.
This school is just dirty! It's kind of like a subway station that got turned into a school.  Most of the admins staffs (dept) are very nice and organized except for the registrar and financial aids. The library is very noisy and dirty. There's barely any working computers. If you need to study, find another place to study.
When I came into York I was expecting more out of the art department & have more engagement with the professors instead there's no organization towards how the dept goes and the studios are in poor condition
This school is close to my home
the school is not the best. dont come here
this is the most horrible school to come across, there is absolutely no help at all. you HAVE TO do everything yourself or they'll try to keep you longer. the personnels are rude, they never know anything. $90 to park in the lot when more than 85% of the school commutes. the lights are dim, feels like you're incarcerated, food is too salty horrible
I got myself in this mess.  Didn't study hard.  I was totally unprepared for college. This place looks and operates exactly like the kind of neighborhood it's in. Decay, decay, decay. Filth all over.  Run from this place like it was on fire. The place is crawling with career adjuncts and professors who do nothing but teach. Only a few exceptions.
York College offers a lot, it's up to you to decide how you want your academic year to go. There are a lot of helpful workshops, many groups to choose from all you have to do is ask around. The only downside is how ugly the campus looks, it really does need a makeover...
The staff is so rude and doesn't seem to know anything about their department. It's a sad excuse for a school.
I've been in this school for more than 4 years which obviously - I do not blame the school for. However, my first year at York I wasn't too fond of the advisors, I took so many unnecessary classes because I just didn't get any direction. York is a mediocre school. Very few professors are excellent. I just need to get out of here.
I am a freshman and so far everything's looking great. Some professors are awesome, some are just doing their job as a duty. Bathrooms are dirty though, not because they don't clean them, (because I always see staff constantly cleaning) but because students are just so dirty!
York College is a very great spot for a college, there is some great food around and the transportation is near. The library is decent, I love how they got some nice areas where you can be just yourself, but its hard to find a seat during lunch hours. The food here is not that good I  usually just bring my own lunch but there is opportunities here.
My advice too all incoming freshman?  TRANSFER ASAP Food:  Disgusting, overpriced, greasy fastfood Campus:  Old, dirty, unfriendly, deserted.  There's a freaking CEMENETARY on campus, which depicts the overall campus spirit. Classrooms do not have any windows. Absolutely no campus activities.  Please, do yourself a favor and Transfer.  Do NOT stay
The location is very convenient for students living in Queens. However, the surrounding area is not the best. This school does not get the respect it deserves. I love the fact that it is so diversified. True representation of New York. The professors are great and the students are very friendly.
You can get the same degree as any other college but it all depends on you.
York sucks.. But there are a lot of bathrooms and overpriced vending machines :)
The campus needs major overhaul. The bathrooms are filthy and do not have basic amenities like hand soap and tissue. The building is in need of major repairs, when it rains the ceilings and walls leak. The faculty is a hit or miss ,the availability of good professors is at a minimum and its hard to get into their classes. Wish I could transfer.
Some professors are good (Makes the college experience enjoyable), campus looks terrible, and the some parts of the school are extremely dirty.
For the most part, the professors are good.  There are a few that are in the wrong line of work.  The campus does need an overhaul, they seem to be working on parts of it.  The escalators haven't worked for quite some time.  The bathrooms are disgusting,sometimes there is no soap or toilet paper.  Some people in the Financial Aid office are rude
Its what you make of it!
This school is filled with staff that is not helpful, on the administrative level  and the educational level. Teachers are not interested and most of them are robotic in their approach to teaching.
Great professors, but it's an old campus and it's in a really bad neighborhood. The bathrooms never have paper, and sometimes professors aren't supplied with  small things like markers.
The prof are very tough, bathrooms are disgusting!!! escalators always out of order, just overall terrible. The staff is the worst, especially in financial aid office, extremely rude ! The lights are so dim in the school as well, didn't look very welcoming since the moment i walked in
The reputation of this school is undeserving. I am a upper junior studying Chemistry. In all of my courses, none of them were over 20 students. Except my intro to chem/bio/psych. Even those courses had below 50. If you are going to school to get an individualized education, then this is the best.
Needs better food, better starbucks options.  School needs a student union and a less depressing atmosphere.  Doesn't hurt to try to expand the AC building more.
College is good,  Prof. are mostly good, Students are good/helpful/etc...
Incoming freshmen get ready for high school part 2. York has made me realize do not go to a cuny if you want a "college" experience but if you are poor like most of the united states social class try to get into the seek program its pretty darn decent. BTW the neighborhood will have you messed up it is not safe at all get home as quick as possible.
The school is a great school. The counselor is really helpful and show how much he cares.  The teachers  are ok! The library has a good place to study and charge your devices although not all places are available to charge.
It's what you make of it. Stay focused and do what you have to do
The escalators work some days, the campus could use a little updating, library is decent, food is overpriced!  You have professors from all around the spectrum from really bad to excellent. Just make the best of it and get all the info you can from the school and you will do fine.
The school needs to be revamped.  Education is greatly influenced by environment, and YORK is low on the scale of renovations
Ok, lets start with the campus. It definitely needs improvements. Almost everything is outdated. The cafeteria is horrible. Plain and simple. There are many choices outside of the campus, which all suck as well (in my opinion.. popeyes, subway, papa johns, halal cart.) You are in 110% control of the opportunities. They will not chase you.
School is okay. Cant really complain. School is bearable.
The staff here is no help
It could be better
York is what you make of it.  The campus itself is terrible (rusty door handles everywhere, escalators), but it's easy to access.  The professors are pretty good.  Working with the registrar/financial aid office is like dealing with the DMV.   The food is awful.  I got a second bachelors degree here.  For $3k a semester, it is what it is.
The physical education building is actually pretty nice. But the main building is just disgusting and outdated. The bathroom looks like an elementary bathroom, there's rats everywhere, the food is nasty and overpriced. I honestly don't trust any food around that area. It could be a better school if someone productive was in charge.
Don't go here Transferred to another college last minute in the middle of the semester Such an improvement My grade rose drastically after transferring to the other college so safe to say it wasn't me professors that are good here hardly have times that fit into your schedule and coincidently the ehh proffesors have more class times Stay Away
hey... welcome to college
cThe food Is goood although some nice healthy choices would be much better ...
Whoever says that this is a good school, must really be blind. Look at the facts, York has the lowest graduation rate in all senior colleges and the lowest average student gpa. Aside from this, certain classes are not offered every semester, many are not offered at all during the summer. Most likely your grad. date will be delayed. Save yourself.
In my experience, the admissions and registration offices are rude, and slow. It is definitely a turn off for newly admitted students. :(  You have to be careful when choosing a professor, as some are good or bad. This school has a decent variety of majors but still needs room for improvement. The bathrooms are pretty gross.
Gives alot of resources and opportunities. Customer service sucks. Financial Aid office is rude
Financial aid and Registar are extremely rude . They don't give much help and give you attitude for doing what they get paid for. The cashiers in the cafeteria are super slow and the"Chefs"are rude. This school needs extreme approvement. If your looking for good vibes and a good experience, don't go to york. I Happily transferred to hunter.
Just pick a better school
It needs improvement
FOOD Horrible  but environment
The math department sucks. The students that get into calculus are so underprepared that it's easy to get an A.  The  expectations are low and you really don't learn much. The physics department teach math better and with higher standardws
Most Professors are great. There are a few that just teach and grade, but many are helpful and wants to help you succeed. The cafe is ok. They offer many opportunities for help with job placement. There are two parking lots to park your vehicle, for a fee. The area is not so great, I've never had an issue or heard of another student having one.
Really enjoyed my time at YORK
There are too many professors that will not work with you to help you get a decent grade. Many of them would rather fail you. The English department has really tough professors that will give you a low grade, like silva, Stay away. The education department is all over the place. Classes are not always offered. it will be hard to graduate on time.
Best school for ever :-)
Not what people tell you, or what you think.
It's not the best looking school honestly but if you find the right professors it makes it enjoyable. Its best to join clubs and find friends it'll make being there better
Not a bad campus, but it is do-able.
Applying to York and staying here is like applying for public assistance. No consistency between departments whatsoever. This is definitely an administration issue. Financial Aid and Bursars NEVER seem to know what the other is doing in fact this is true for most depts. Staff wants you to run around the school instead of them picking up the phone.
Just stay on the top of your game, have the right friends. Life at this campus gets much better once you join a club/team. For the most part, people do what they need to do then leave. Prof are willing to help, all you have to do is ask. I love this school, but because of its funding, theres only so much we can do (York doesnt get much funding.)
Bathrooms are disgusting. Food is not the best and it's expensive. The professors are good for the most part, but watch out for the bad apples.
The college itself is a decent campus, the area though is not safe in my opinion depending on when you leave, a lot of rowdy folks over here. Bathrooms do not always supply you with tissue after washing your hands. Majority of the students are immature on this campus and act like they are in high school. Certain Professors can't tame the classroom.
The bathrooms are disgusting. The whole  place needs a makeover.  Teachers and faculty are fine.
The need to use the money they receive from the students and government and redo the whole campus. The food is barely edible and the internet connection sucks. Some parts of the campus make it look as if the college was deserted. The entire college experience was ruined for me which is one of the main reasons why I transferred colleges.
Leaving York was the best decision I made. don't even apply to go here and If you can't get into another college because you did bad in hs use york to get a good GPA your first semester then transfer out to a better college after. I promise you it gets so much better at other colleges. Don't settle with your education.
Facilities need improvement. Bathrooms in the main building suck, but are better in the other buildings. Food and pricing can be better. Professors have been great. Neighborhood is getting better. York serves its purpose as a college to attend, study, get grades, and graduate with a degree. Do not expect much more from here.
This college is really old and dirty. The classrooms are unbelievable. I can't wait to transfer out of this College..
This school is absolutely terrible, the commute is bad, it says it's supposed to take me 45 minutes to get here, it take me an hour and a half, the professors are terrible and rude, the textbooks required are way more expensive and ridiculous then any other school, and oh my god, the scheduling for classes is so messed up, the class times is so bad
I am a proud York Alum. York gave me the foundation to be successful. It is not a traditional campus and you have to make the school your own. The faculty there supported me and gave me the real deal for the real world. Great commuter school. I am successful in my field and earn a good living. i owe York. "Hail York College...."
This school is in need of a makeover. The bathrooms are really gross and the classes are blah. I mean you go to school to learn and go home but I feel like if the school is more welcoming there will be a more positive vibe.
The environment is terrible and the professors are crappy
College main entrance is only several feet from the "E" and "J" subway station. The LIRR is only two blocks away. Shopping malls are across the street from the college. The only CUNY college to have an FDA facility on campus. Great graduate programs in PA, Nursing and OT. Loved my college experience at York College.!!!!!
York College has a lot to offer students. Excellent programs in Social Work, Health education, OT and PA. Highly recommend this college!
York College has been a font of networking and internship opportunities for me. The science professors here really care about your education! The subway is only a few feet away from the college and shopping malls are across the street from the college. Highly recommend this COLLEGE!!
York's "PA" program is a well known and highly respected science program in NYC. York College is the only CUNY college to have the FDA on campus. This is another great opportunity for science majors. The campus is walking distance to the L.I. railroad.
E & J Trains stop at the doorstep of the campus. The campus and community is safe. I highly recommend the OT program here at York College!
Highly respected college for their PA medical program.
York is diverse with students and professors. Internet access through out the college. You can always find a computer in the library or the student computer lounge. For recreation you can use the game room, weight room or the huge swimming pool. Real short walk from the "E" train to the campus. One of the BEST colleges in CUNY!
