LOVE EVERYTHING ABOUT YORK COLLEGE! THE ONLY PROBLEM I HAVE WITH THIS COLLEGE IS THE OVERPRICING OF THE CAFETERIA FOOD!
There are so many clubs to choose from and social events to network with other students. Internet connection is excellent. Most of the professors I meet here at York are serious about helping students. E & J trains take you to the front gate of the college and the F train is three blocks away. The campus is clean and safe.
Really enjoy using the outdoor track and the indoor swimming pool. Easy to commute from my home in Brooklyn. The campus is big and so many clubs and activities to choose from. So many places to socialize, student activities office, library, computer lounge and the starbucks cafe.
Graduating this summer with my masters degree in OT! The professors here are caring and help you achieve your academic goals in life.
HIGHLY RECOMMEND THE COLLEGE!
Came to York College because of the well known PA medical program. Easy access to the college by subway.
The campus is in the center of shopping and places to eat. Short walk from subway to the campus. Security makes the campus very safe and I like the internet cafe. Professor take interest in "YOU" becoming a successful person in life.
I am a science major and I decided to attend YC because I heard so many good things about the teachers and the college. Friendly campus with so many clubs to choose from. Easy access to computers and the internet.
York College/CUNY is well know for their science programs, scholarships and fellowships.
Graduated in 2017. Thanks to my education and networking with my professors, I was able to get a job shortly after graduation. And I will be attending graduate school this year. York's professors made all of this possible for me. Thank you YORK COLLEGE!
The campus is awesome and the location is perfect. Close to JFK, Long Island railroad and the subway is only a few feet away from the front gate of the college. Staff and professors are friendly and true to their profession. Computer and science labs are new and easy access to the internet. Happy I chose York College!
Very Nice
Overall very nice campus but the food service isn't! Lot's of activities and clubs to get involved with and many places to chill. Campus location is a breeze to the subway station. Classes fill up quick and many are overcrowded. For the most part, the professor are okay. Nice small game room and easy access to the internet. Good CUNY college.
Highly recommend York for a quality college education. Centrally located to buses, subway and shopping .
York College was my first choice when I was applying to college, and being here has been a great experience . York has a well respected reputation for their medical science programs. Location of the college is in the center of shopping malls and many places to eat. E & J train drops you off at the front gate of the campus.
TWO THUMBS UP!
There are a lot of clubs, makes for good opportunities to gain really cool friendships and get involved. Club hours are pretty neat, walking to class hearing music blasting and seeing everyone dancing and having fun, at times puts you in a good mood. Once you apply yourself and focus on the positive sides of things, the school isn't half bad!
Coming to YORK COLLEGE was the best decision I ever made!
I am very happy with York College. The only problem is the cafeteria is over priced and the food isn't that great.
Highly respected college for science programs. Hugh parking lot across the street from the main building. Safety isn't an issue. Friendly professors!!
EXCELLENT LOCATION TO PUBLIC TRANSPORTATION & A WELL RESPECTED COLLEGE FOR MEDICAL SCIENCE & HEALTH PROGRAMS. NICE BIG CAMPUS WITH EASY ACCESS TO WIFI & COMPUTERS. NOT TOO IMPRESSED WITH THE FOOD SERVICE, BUT YORK IS IN THE CENTER OF SHOPPING & ZILLION PLACES TO EAT.
Nice large college campus location and a short ride from the City. Plenty of cultural, social and academic clubs to join and opportunities to learn and grow. Highly rated OT program. Easy access to library and student lounge computers and the internet. As an international student, York College has been a positive learning experience for me.
York's professors are understanding and help you reach your academic goals.
I choose York College/CUNY because I heard so many good things about the college. Easy location to arrive at by subway.
I chose York College because of CUNY's well known and respected "PA" medical program and the affordable price! Excellent mass-transit transportation to the large college campus.
I never regretted choosing york one bit, the best diverse campus
I love the school, and I have zero complaints.
The only problem with York is the food prices in the cafeteria are too high.
York Cardinals Wooooo
lagcc was better,cleaner,brigther
I want to recognize the Disability Office for being outstanding.
Great school, wouldn't want to go anywhere else!!!!!!!!!!
Very good school
I came to York College because of their nursing program. Easy location to get to and the professors are the BEST!
Wouldn't choose any other college. Great Athletics department, never felt at home
teachers think because this is college they dont have to teach. they are there for no reason
The food stinks and the prices are too high! Not enough chairs in the cafeteria. Students are pigs! They leave their trash on the tables and in the classroom. Bathrooms SMELL! Many times their is no hand soap, paper towels and toilet paper! Many classrooms have broken chairs! Good luck trying to find your prof. after class. York is bad joke!
Poor excuse for a security force. What is the point of having a college id card if no one checks it, to gain access to the college. The college is unsafe. ANYONE can walk in! Good luck if you take a class at night. A short walk to the subway but many shifty people hanging around the entrance. Can't wait to get out of here.
York you can do much better for you students
Small cafeteria and long, long lines at the cash register. The high school students eat in the same area as college students. The H.S. students act like little children. Many chairs are broken in the classroom and the bathrooms stank! Visited many other CUNY college campuses and YORK does not measure up to them. Can't wait to leave!
The College is over dependent on adjunct (part-time) instructors. Most give out grades like candy on halloween. The math department is the biggest offender. the admin is more interested in increasing passing students than holding them to a standard of excellence. I wish I didn't have to go here.
excellent college !
top school. teachers and staff really care about the students and will help you all the way. lots of programs and doesn't put too much pressure on the students tbh.
YORK COLLEGE IS JOKE! THINK TWICE BEFORE YOU STUDY HERE! MOST OF THE TEACHERS ARE PART-TIME & JUST GO THROUGH THE TEACHING MOTIONS. FOOD IS AWFUL & THE BATHROOMS ARE PIG-PENS! DO NOT TAKE ANY NIGHT CLASSES UNLESS YOU DRIVE. SAFETY IS A SERIOUS CONCERN HERE. CAN'T WAIT TO RAISE MY GPA & LEAVE THIS PLACE!
York college 2019 is like other colleges in 1919 in term of the light, the classes, the campus, like in term of almost everything. I hope cuny will focus more to develop this college. they can develop this college in term of everything and it can become the biggest Cuny college in NYC. Location is far from the city. Big land and the college can b
York College is a great school!!!! The professors are so helpful, the food is delicious, and they have a starbucks in the school!! Its also very close to the subway and buses. Overall, I highly recommend!
It has a bad reputation, but it's not that bad. The campus looks great outside but inside it needs a makeover! The bathrooms are mostly clogged and kept unclean. The location is good for food chains like Mc Donalds, Chipotle, Starbucks, etc also it's right near the train station and buses, but I do worry about safety especially at night.
a lot of food chains near and easy access to trains and buses. There are events but honestly, most people chose not to go. Same goes with opportunities like internships etc. because people don't read their email! or chose to ignore it. It has a bad rep due to unclean bathrooms, safety reasons, bad prof but there is also some great prof.
Worse CUNY ever ! Nobody in the offices seem to know anything. They will have you running around like a headless chicken .Bathrooms are disgusting! No where to sit down and really study . The college seems like one big place to hang out and blast music and turn up
York is a substandard college, and it sure is not on the top of the list for CUNY schools. The campus needs an extensive infrastructure makeover as well as a place just for students to be social. The college is not too accommodating for those who are studious, which is why the school doesn't do so well; the students care as much as the school does.
Sometimes I am ashamed that I intend this school. It could be better, starting with remodeling the entire Interior and providing more areas for students to hang out so that they won't be in the library disturbing others. The college is so dirty it can pose a health hazard especially the stairways which have years of dust accumalating on the ceiling
York College is a commuter school. That is probably why there isn't much of a campus scene. During the day in the week the school is overrun by freshmen. They are noisy
Lots of pocket pickers and random fights across campus.
The campus overall doesn't have the best reputation, but the college is well known for having a good nursing program. The internet connection is not bad but in certain locations on the campus, the connection is horrible. The staff is not helpful and they can be rude. York College, need more science professors. The one they have are bad.
Overall it is a ok school if the people who work there would help more.
The worst college in CUNY.
Hear it from the expert. I was an honor student, double major, finished in 4 years. Classes are very difficult and professors give way too much work. I took classes online at other colleges (Lehman) an e permit and got an A easily; whereas. at York I struggled just to get a B. They misadvise students, prolonging them. My hair fell off from stress.
York let me down. Some of the professors were truly gems while other college staff couldnt be bothered. I felt overwhelmed, unappreciated, and as if I was just a money tree for the school. FACULTY needs to improve and the buildings themselves need major improvement. 3 yrs later Ive graduated but my time there was not memorable. Find better options
No cafeteria because it was shunt by the Dept of Health. Mold was found in several buildings. The new elevators are breaking down. Very, very dangerous community. Not uncommon for students to be mugged walking from the subway to the college. The college president was fired, classes are overcrowded, classrooms and bathroom's are extremely dirty!
York College is the worse college in the cuny system! Dirty bathrooms and classrooms. No paper towels or toilet paper in the bathrooms. Elevators are always breaking down. The cafeteria was a dive until closed down for health reasons. High school students are too loud and act like children. Classes are over crowded. Don't feel safe on campus.
Internet is very slow. The college is overflowing with high school & college students and not enough space to for them. Food service is shameful. Bathrooms STANK! Class sections close out quickly, more course sections are needed. Too many professor act like they don't have the time to discuss course material. Overall, a dismal place!
Happy to write this is my last semester @ YC. Raised my GPA and ready to jet out of here. My stay @ YC was not a happy one. This college has too many problems. Broken elevators, broken chairs and dirty floors in classrooms. Cafeteria had a rodent problem and was finally shut down. Overcrowded classes and not many friendly prof's. Safety is shaky!
HAD NO CHOICE BUT TO ATTEND YORK BECAUSE OF MY POOR HIGH SCHOOL GRADES. NOT VERY HAPPY BEING HERE. DON'T FEEL SAFE WALKING FROM THE BUS STOP TO THE FRONT GATE. BATHROOMS ARE FILTHY, NO BOOKSTORE OR CAFETERIA. INTERNET SERVICE IS SLOW & THE LIBRARY IS OVERCROWDED. SOME PROFESSORS SEEM TO CARE BUT MOST DO NOT. BEST ADVICE IS TO AVOID COMING HERE!
Safety is a big, big concern outside of the campus. Security should patrol outside of the buildings, specially @ night. Another concern is no place to eat on campus and no bookstore. Ordering books online takes too long. Other CUNY schools have a bookstore. Bathrooms are very dirty and classroom trash cans overflow with trash. Awful place to be
I'm a freshman and already disgusted with this college. Every week a new elevator breaks down, no cafeteria, no bookstore and the bathrooms stink!. If you want to buy food you have to stand on a long, long line at the food trucks. Not uncommon to see mice running through the hallways of the college. Long lines at health service and photo ID desk!
Safety is a serious issue walking to the college. Hide your cellphone, purse and wallet or you may be mugged. Internet service is slow and the library is overcrowded with no place to sit or work on school stuff.
Stay alert while walking to the different buildings,specially @ night! Security needs to be MORE VISIBLE! Arts building has MOLD! No cafeteria to buy food! No bookstore! Long lines at bursar, health services and financial aid offices. Not a very nice place.
The campus itself is dirty, disgusting, and poorly maintained. There has been no food spots open on campus all semester for some reason (probably because we have rats). The professors I have this semester (for their graduate program) are incompetent and have no idea what they are doing. Honestly please do yourself a favor and apply somewhere else.
Not a very safe college environment! Several students were mugged and personal belongings were stolen while walking to the college. And several female students have reported of being verbally abused and sexually touched walking to the college gate. Not happy being here!
Read about this website in the college newspaper. Big campus with not much to offer you. Bookstore was taken away for offices. No more food service because the board of health closed them down. Bathrooms are dirty and many have no hand soap or paper towels. Long lines at health office, bursar and registrar,. Overcrowded classes. Stay away.
York is not what I envisioned the college experience to be. Extremely disappointed for choosing York as my college to study at. No bookstore to buy supplies or college apparel. Overcrowded classes that make it impossible for the professor to know who you are. Not enough space in the library to study. Bathrooms are dirty and classroom floors too.
York College does not have the high standard reputation that other CUNY schools has. The York Cardinal bird & shield looks like an army patch and not a college logo. It would take too long to write down all the snags this school has. I do agree the bathrooms and classrooms could be cleaner and it would be nice to have a bookstore on campus.
Totally agree with the other people who wrote bathrooms and classrooms are dirty. Agree that safety is a huge concern on and off campus.
They really need to step it up. The bathrooms are always dirty as well as most of the classrooms and common areas. The Arts building is closed due to mold, theres construction happening indefinitely in the AC buildings 2nd floor corridor, the Health Department closed the cafeteria, and activities arent advertised well, I never hear about them.
Internet service is okay. Bathrooms and classrooms are dirty. Only vending machines on campus to buy food. Better security measures are need in front of all buildings.
ugh
Disappointed with the York College campus. Several students have been robbed outside of the campus gate. Too many bathrooms are dirty. Classes are overcrowded and classroom floors are dirty. No bookstore or cafeteria. Long lines at registrar, health services and financial aid offices. Internet service is slow and the library is overcrowded.
Stay alert walking to the college. Too many students have been mugged outside of the main building. For the most part, the professors are okay. No bookstore to buy books or other needed school supplies and the cafeteria was closed by the board of health. Many clubs to join and the internet is okay.
The biggest concern is safety. Too many security checkpoints do not check for ID cards. No cafeteria and bookstore. Plenty of space with chairs to sit. Internet is okay but could be better. Lots of choices to join clubs.
Had high hopes coming to York but Not happy because of the unsafe problems. Security needs to be more effective. No food service on campus and no bookstore either. Not a good way to run a business. Campus is old and needs repairs. Classes are mostly overcrowded. More course sections are needed.
York needs a lot of work. The people who work in the financial aid, registrar, and bursar's office they are of NO help. Its rare that they will actually help you with what you need, especially as an incoming student. It pretty filthy too. Take a look at the air vents they are not sanitary. Not the best college but not the worst either.
The college is old and needs a lot of repairs. A lot of outdoor space but setup for students to enjoy. Safety is a concern for me. Too many students have been robbed outside of the campus.
Safety could be much better. No bookstore! No cafeteria, only a small cafe. Classes are overcrowded. Not what I thought my college experience would be like!
Feels like home. Much diversity. A commute school but so many opportunities to meet new friends and network with professionals. You don't get the opportunities if you don't go looking for it.
York is an okay campus. It's not the best: there's no cafeteria open right now, the bathrooms are always missing toilet paper, elevators and escalators never work, teachers don't really care, and it's in the "hood" part of jamaica (there's literally always 2-3 cop cars placed on the ave). Overall, the school is okay, however there's better choices
Not my favorite place.
This place is not what I thought my college experience would be like. Very disappointed here. Safety is a serious concern!
Big campus with no student pride. Cafeteria was shut down. Library overcrowded with not enough computer terminals to use. No bookstore to buy needed supplies. Classrooms have new chairs but the classes are overcrowded. Bathrooms are extremely dirty. Safety needs to improve.
Can't wait to transfer out!
The college offers a lot club activity and nothing more.
Disappointed with my freshman year at York College! Not a friendly place.
York does not have the best reputation, but I had a great time in college it was challenging yet one of the best time ever. Its a chance for you to meet a ton of people and make a lot of friends and build connections. It has a lot of fast food stores on Jamaica AV also a multiplex. Enjoy college guys and gals you will create amazing memories.
Wish I could say a million good things about this college but I can't. Safety is a big concern. Internet service is good. No food service cafeteria except for a tiny cafe which has mad long lines. The college entrance is a quick run from the subway station.
When it comes to safety you better stay alert. No cafeteria except a small cafe and vending machines. Fake social life on campus. Okay selection of clubs to join. Internet is slow. Library is overcrowded and not enough computers for use. You should think twice about coming here
Classes were over crowed. No cafeteria. Only a small cafe with long lines and vending machines. No bookstore to buy supplies. Not enough computers for students to use in the library. Extremely disappointed choosing to come here!
Lots of clubs to join and some nice activities during club hours. Don't want to sound negative but I can't think of anything else good to say about York.
Honestly, it's a good school but not the best if you're interested in science, and having it online is not the best either. The science department isn't the best, and honestly so much more difficult than what it needs to be as well as the professors teaching quality can be better.
this is the worst school everyone literally nobody helps and everyone is super rude
bad school.
I am a freshmen, it's okay some professors just are rude and staff here too. The area isn't the best.
