Can't think of anything good to say about this college!
When I first enter this college I was excited by the fact that I'm going to college and for the opportunity that would be coming my way. But then I slowly realized that this school is not for me as most professors have made me feel stupid for asking a question or help or pretend like I don't exist. And the staff? well, some are not nice.
This college is a serious disappointment! Take my advice, college shop around and think twice before you come here.
Just finished my first year and thank the Lord I transferred out to a real college! This place is like a scary dream!
Happy that classes are now online and I do not have see York's campus!
Don't expect too much from this college. Raise your GPA and transfer out ASAP!
Wish York College was a better college.
Before online teaching I found the classes to be extremely overcrowded. Not enough sections of required courses. I found several prof's acting like they were too busy to care about anything except a paycheck. Going to their offices to discuss course material and getting a quick brushoff. Online teaching is a bigger mess of prof's not giving a damn.
My last semester and I graduate! Thank the Lord! Not the best collage but at least I will have a college degree. Their are many problems with YC. The biggest one was trying to be advise by professors in my major. You go to their office and many of them acted like they were too busy to help. Adjunct professors were more willing to help.
3.67 average when I graduated. Worked very hard. The school is all over the place. Professors make simple assignments very complex and are graded unfairly. They made my experience harder than it should be. For example, the English department does not use a rubric to grade compared to other colleges. Classes are not always offered and u need it
Many times course sections are cancelled. Prior to switching to online learning all of my classes were overcrowded. Impossible to learn when a classroom is overcrowded. Too many attitudes with the financial Aid Office. Hate to sound nasty, but many professors act like they do not care about students. You go to their office and they chump you off.
It is what it is! And that's not much brag about!
This school is very dark and dull, it gives no motivation to work. The area around the campus is very dangerous especially at night and dirty. I wish they can do better and upgrade.
The place makes me sick. The people at Financial Aid have attitudes. No real place to buy food, the cafeteria is jampacked with no place to sit, the library is tight for space, and no bookstore. Few course sections to chose from and classes are overcrowded. Safety is around the campus is a serious problem, especially near the subway entrance.
Most of the professors I had since distant learning has started act like they don't care. Don't mean to be nasty but that's just how I feel.
Since the pandemic I have taken courses online. It has not been a great experience. I felt like most of my professors were getting over on my education. Class started on time but most of my professors always ended the class early. What's that all about? I felt cheated! Paying for a service and not getting the full vale! But that's the deal at YORK!
The buildings are old and need repair and the science labs are too small. Security is a serious concern!
Campus needs a serious makeover. The buildings are old and falling apart. Not the safest place to study at. More security is needed!
Old crumbling brick buildings. Plant more bushes to make the place look greener and nicer. Safety is a SERIUOS PROBLEM! More security is needed to patrol the outside all of the college entrances. Showing id cards is a joke because I've seen people just walk in willy-nilly. Well-known reputation for to taking students who can't get into a college.
Before the pandemic being a student @ YC was a very disappointing experience. Too much dramatic attitudes from non friendly people @ Financial Aide & Registrars Office. Overpriced food & and slow service @ the cafe food server. Over crowded classes, dirty classrooms & bathrooms & the library needs more seats for students. More security is need too.
Online courses are not want I expected them to be. Learning online is not helpful as being in the classroom. Last semester several of my online professors acted liked they didn't care if you attended.
York College has a lot of outdoor space not being used for student leisure. Buildings are old a need repair i.e. ceilings leak.. No cafeteria and no bookstore! My biggest complaint is I don't feel safe! Security officers need to patrol the exterior of the buildings. What is really scary is the short walk from the train station to the front gate.
Not my idea of what a good college should be like! Only a small cafe and vending machines to buy food. What's that all about? No bookstore and that is wack! OMG! Safety is a SERUIOUS problem around here!
All my courses are ONLINE and my experience isn't a happy one. Some of my professors log on late and let the class out early. Its like they be not concerned with teaching.
Worse college ever! In fact all colleges in America are so bad. The colleges are so expensive. Poor or middle class family cant afford college education and they have no right to higher education. If you are rich, college is for you. If you are poor, college is not for you. Wheres equality? This is a business, not a educational institution.
NO WATER FOUNTAINS, only vending machines with $2 bottles of water. Little to no club presence, run down building, many of the professors are not so great (only some are good). The area directly around campus is not safe at night time due to high crime rates. Overall, probably the worst CUNY college I've been to, and I've attended 4 in total.
This school need renovation, some of these professors are the worse and they don't care about you passing.
