I found Xavier to be a very socially conservative, sports heavy school, while I was expecting this somewhat. I put more faith into the "Jesuit" heritage than I should, I found many students at Xavier are more focused on party's and drinking than school. As a Science geek, I was kinda hoping for LAN party's at college...
Xavier really needs to improve in some areas, such as internet access and food options.
LOVE IT
So safe and you do feel like it is a community, even as a commuter.
I am a graduate student.  Really like it here, but I am jealous of my friends in cohorts.
Awesome school!  Great professors and classes, great social atmosphere!
The social aspect of the school is horrible. The internet is slow and the food is bad.
Students are stuck-up tightwads, dull personalities and create a campus that is either uncomfortably anti-social or you become like everyone and are forever a weirdo compared to social norms. Not too much in the way of fun ever happens.
Great small private school. Sports and academics are awesome.  Parties are even really good.  Lots to do.  Everyone is very welcoming and friendly.
Good School! The professors are helpful and there many resources on campus. The coffee shop is addicting and really good :) Everything is located pretty close together, so its easy to walk from one place to another. But for anyone, the first year of college is very different than high school, so it takes a couple of months for everything to settle.
As a commuter, I have a very different opinion than most on-campus students.  The accessibility to the highway and main roads are awesome and there are nearby restaurants when I get tired of bringing my lunch.  However, due to Xavier's emphasis on sports, commuters get kicked out of the parking lots on game days which is a huge hassle.
XU has a great rep, which will help in finding a job. But I didn’t think it was very Jesuit: many of my profs made fun of religion. Some classes listed in the catalogue were NEVER offered while I was there. There are some good academic advisors, but mine didn’t help much. Also, students rarely participated in my classes, so not much dialogue.
The campus was way too small for me and the dining halls also have very inconvenient hours. Its location is not in the most ideal area in town and you have to take a bus or drive to do something off of campus. The majors provided are not the most diverse. If you like small colleges and basketball, it might be a fit for you.
It was the best decision of my life in choosing this school. Definitely a million times better than highschool. The campus is small and everything is conveniently located. The people are friendly for the most part and if you are creative there is a lot to do on campus. I feel so welcome here and wouldn't trade my experience for anything.
Xavier has become my home away from home. It's one of the friendliest, most accepting and open minded places on earth. I was able to do what I wanted without judgement and with a huge friend group and support system cheering me on. The teachers here really care about you and to them, you're not a number, you're a student.
Coming here was one of the best decisions I ever made. Great school, great professors, great environment (and getting better). The school is getting bigger now, but it's still perfect for anyone who prefers a more intimate campus (like me--small high school). The Jesuit identity is something to be admired--a true gem of a school.
Xavier is a great school! It is a very difficult school, as it has a very rigorous curriculum and its professors expect a lot from you, but you learn so much and will prepare you for whatever you choose!
The classes are interesting and challenging. When you graduate you will have a degree that stands out on applications and resumes. There is a huge rivalry with UC, because we are so close to one another. But it is generally all in good fun. The professors are knowledgeable and will work with you if you ask for help.
Come here to get an education and not to party. Lots of boring friday nights. Theres always something going on but it usually sucks.
Great professors, campus looks good, butt load of events and free shirts. If you wanna party, get to know as many people as possible. Usually a party somewhere every weekend, it's just finding where it is at that takes patience. Cafe food is a joke.
Xavier is an amazing family community!
Xavier is an excellent school that is still growing as a university
Great school that will get you a good education, and hopefully a good job.
Great school; questionable food and internet.
Amazing school
I am not a fan of the surrounding neighborhood at all. I do not feel safe walking off campus. Xavier does a very poor job of alerting its students of anything going on around us that could be vital to our safety. If you are looking for a quality Jesuit/Catholic education this is not the place. I am unimpressed with the theology department here!
-
Not a school you should attend if campus life is a high priority, but you will recieve an excellent education.
Xavier University is committed to it's students. The community feel is welcoming and encouraging for anyone that steps on campus. If you want a school where you will feel a part of something larger, then come to Xavier University where you will not only discover more about yourself, but you'll discover more about the world we share together.
The only reason I came to Xavier is because of there OT program. I regret my decision. IT really restricts your college life
I came to play sports and enjoy my campus life, and it was extremely regrettable. The only reason I stayed was because I was told I would get a good job, so we will see. Kids are stuck up, extremely cliquey, and fun has to be found elsewhere. Also, you have to take a cab to find a decent bar.
Nothing bad to be said about Xavier! So happy I chose to come here.
Excellent and open-minded professors.
I love Xavier. The people are wonderful even though because it is small, there are cliques, but it is not noticeable with most people. It is more that people hang out with people in their major. Great campus and facilities. Never regret my decision to come to Xavier.
Awesome school! Especially great if you can get in with the upperclassmen.
this school charges too much, and doesn't give enough! It has one main eatery....subway! Not much goes on except on club days.
Xavier has an incredibly friendly environment and a family like feel amount students that you won't find anywhere else
Overall the campus is homey and everyone is friendly. The downside is there isn't very good options for food and there is absolutely nothing to do on campus during the weekend. There should be more to do since Xavier is so expensive.
fun small and great
Such a great university. Tons of activities to do, the staff really cares about the students and you can tell just by how clean everything is and the unlimited resources there are to help you. The students all are interested in social justice and "changing the world". Just full of good hearted people.
I like Xavier a lot because there isn't any Greek life.
Xavier is a really friendly campus. It has amazing faculty and outgoing students. It is definitely my favorite place to be!
yolo
I'm so glad I came to Xavier.  Professors are helpful, campus is gorgeous, and the people are nice.  Is it in the nicest neighborhood?  No, but it's not terrible.
Nice small campus in a urban area nearby. Close to a lot of fun things to do downtown
Great school
This is a terrible school when it come to disability services and professors providing integrated learning so all students including ones with disabilities are created equally.
Be friendly with your professors. I swear. Even if you don't like them, you never know when you're going to need a recommendation from them. The food's good. Plenty of clubs. People are nice.
The size of the school is great,and the academics are at a high level. If your looking for a place that has a lot of activities going on don't come here. House parties aren't that great and SAC only has a few great events throughout the year. I've met some really nice people here and almost everyone is friendly. It definitely has it positives too.
felt like I was in high school again...way too cliquey. The required "Core" is annoying and useless. Best part is going to the basketball games, not much else.
This school is more difficult than most. You can have fun here but to be successful here, you need to have school as your first priority.
Xavier is really good at connecting students with future employers. When people in Cincinnati hear I go to Xavier they expect a lot out of me.
The curriculum isn't easy but it isn't impossible either. It's really easy to get along with the professors. I like the professors in the education department the best.
It's ight
Be prepared to make friends with kids who have never let private schooling.
I love Xavier!! It's got all the benefits of a small school like great people, no TA's, approachable teachers and no crowding, all while having the perks of a large school like D1 athletics, research opportunities, and a big city!
I would not choose a different school. I love X
like very school there are issues but Professors and staff will go way out of their way to help you
like every school there are issues but Professors and staff will go way out of their way to help you
I love this school. It's the perfect size, on a beautiful campus, and in a wonderful city.
Xavier is my home. In the summer, I cannot wait to come back. Whenever I walk through campus, I can't help but feel an overwhelming sense that I am so lucky to be here, and recognize how wonderful and enchanting the atmosphere and campus is. I know that I will receive so many opportunities because of Xavier, and I already have. I love Xavier.
I am absolutely in love with this school. It was not my first choice when choosing colleges but it is by far the best choice I have made. I have met so many people here and everyone is super friendly. If you don't know anyone coming to the school, do not be afraid.  It is extremely easy to make friends. I love Xavier and I wish I could never leave!
The campus is small so it's easy to know where everything is. The dining hall has great food. Best freshman dorm is Brockman. For male freshman students, try to live in the pit in Brockman Hall.
Don't come here if you're looking to just party. There are parties on campus but this school is more about the education you recieve and all the high paying jobs you get after. This school will help you becom every successful
Best campus ever
Xavier is honestly a good school, you get what you pay for.
Xavier is a great place to get one of the best educations and meet new people from all over the country. I have loved my experiences so far.
Awesome school!!
The people are extraordinary, the classes are exceptional, and the food is actually pretty delicious.  As part of the Business School, I have found that the Business Profession Program has given me many opportunities to grow as a student and as a distinguished individual in the business world.  I would recommend Xavier to anyone considering it.
At Xavier University the professor will know your name
Kids at X definitely care more about their studies than social life, which is great if you need other people to keep you in check.  Not to say it's not a fun school, but it's no where near a state school.
Xavier University is great. Small classes where the professor knows your name and wants you to succeed. Great encouragement inside and outside the classroom. As a liberal arts school, you receive a broad education in all aspects of life. Social scene is there, great location, D1 sports, awesome extra-curiculars, and I still have 7 semesters left.
