It's a small school with great faculty. I know I'm getting a quality education and that I have an uncountable amount of opportunities because I go here.
Love it here!
Xavier is a wonderful school. At first, I did not like scheduling my own classes as an outgoing high school seniorincoming freshman, but all of the professors want to help. Office hours are always given out and they really work on building relationships with students. Xavier does a great job with building a better person.
Very good school if you're looking for something that prepares you for life and a career. It doesn't have the "Hollywood" college party every night, however if you branch out and meet people you can have a lot of fun.
Truly beautiful school with a wonderful staff and an abundant amount of opportunities. I have really loved my time at Xavier!
Xavier students are incredibly happy and accepting. The smaller size contributes to a tight-knit community. Although the school's academics could be stronger, it is a great place to be.
It's a good school, just sometimes boring on the weekends
Wonderful school. Can't say it enough
The school is what you make of it. If you try to have fun, you will. But a lot of the classes are challenging and professors are strict on attendance. Overall, the lack of parties and harder classes will be worth it once you get a degree from a highly respected school.
Xavier is a great school and you meet the best people
This place is amazing.  Excellent academics, excellent basketball team, and good people.
Love this school! Great community, living, and academics!
Xavier is a great campus with amazing students. We have a close and accepting community and I would say it is easy to meet new people and make friends. The cafeteria is not the best, but compared to what I have heard from other schools our food is amazing.
Xavier is a small school with great professors that really want to see you prosper and learn. The social scene is a little too cliquey for me but you will make friends through clubs and classes.
its for a certain crowd. Yea a small number drink all weekend, but most students here balance it much more than most other colleges. It is small, so if you enjoy actually knowing people you see everyday and connecting with your professors than it might be a good fit. then again there's thousands of people here so you'll be able to meet new people
They just did a lot of renovations. It is a smaller campus but the walk to class is short.
It's okay.
A beautiful campus with super friendly people, and great professors. Opportunities here are endless and there are a million clubs to join and always something to do
Other then this school being insanely expensive, Its worth it for my major however, if you come here for biology/liberal arts/education, probably not a good idea. My only Major problem with this school is getting around. If you don't have a car good luck, the university hardly provides transportation. the shuttle buses suck.
Love it! Not a crazy school but if you know people and make friends you'll always have something to do on the weekends. The professors are awesome and they'll all know your name and care about your success because of class sizes. And the caf food is awesome
It's a very small campus, but you don't really get to know people as much as you'd like. You only know barebones a few people. You'll mostly be friends with the people you live with and some people in your department (unless you're in theatre - then you know everyone in theatre and love/hate everyone in theatre.)
Beautiful Campus! Social scene is good but it is what you make of it. If you don't look for something to do then you wont find anything
Small community where you know basically everyone and the majority of people are very kind.
There is no social life, but I love my friends!!
I am extremely glad I came here.
Great campus. Great academics. Perfect small school with big atmosphere feel (especially in Cintas GOXU)
Great University, however it's located in a high crime area. (Not the Universities fault). Most of the professors are great. Has a great reputation
Norwood might not be the nicest part of town, but on and around campus is kept pretty safe. There are a few inconveniences, like the closest grocery store and all the hills, but for the most part a very beautiful campus and most importantly, a lot of fun. If you're still deciding whether you want to come to X, COME.
IT's awesome here
An alright university. I myself am from Cincinnati so I guess that explains why I am not as much of a fan of the university itself. But, Xavier does a great job with providing a good, quality, and respected education that will get someone very far in life. The social scene is kind of weak, and local area of Norwood is subpar, but good academics.
Great school. The faculty places he student first and cares about the student
At one point there were two bullet holes in Buenger hall's glass doors. They didn't say anything about it, or warn us. The university is located in a bad spot in the middle of the city. However, the campus is beautiful. People are wonderful. The food is fantastic. It's an amazing place, as it should be when you're paying 40k.
It's just a flat out great place.
Xavier is okay but it is preppy kids. hard  hell to go to a basketball game, and some tough classes. wasn't prepared for college and I had a 4.0 in high school. I now have a 2.5.  Scholarships only pay for a little less than half of your tuition per semester and every year there is a tuition hike of 3 %.
Xavier is a great campus with a lot of really nice people. Sometimes annoyingly too nice. Parties are kind of dead here, but University of Cincinnati is only about a 10 minute drive away. Most of the dorms are nice, unless you live in Brockman. The teachers are tough, but the beauty of the campus makes up for all the hard work you have to do.
A solid school with a pretty small campus, where everything is within walking distance but has a lot to do. The people here are genuinely nice and very the community is very welcoming. The work is not too hard, the social life is exactly what you would expect from a small Jesuit school. No football, no problem. They have a top 10 basketball team.
Xavier is a great school with friendly amazing people. Its academics are not the most challenging but it makes you work for good grades. The social here is not like the atmosphere of a large state school, but everyone who comes here already knows that. Students can still have a great time without frats and sororities, there are plenty of parties.
Never felt accepted, did not like it
Love this place more than anything. Wouldn't want to be anywhere else
Very well kept campus. Good vibes here
Not much around campus to do. The gym needs a makeover. The campus is alright compared to the large tuition costs.
Good place to be. Good education, good people, good memories. Social life is something you have to work for but it's not so bad. I genuinely like it.
strength up is pretty good, food is good but will get old, love the campus and people are good. main draw back is the lack of a social life / parties but its not that bad in this regard.
I feel like Xavier University is my second home and all of the people are genuinely kind and very helpful. I love it here.
BEST SCHOOL EVER
Xavier has very little social scene, most of the professors are adjuncts with second jobs who are not involved in the xavier community. There is an aura of arrogance among the students even though Xavier's program rankings are average and below UC. Basketball games are great but there is little else to do.
I love Xavier. The campus is pretty nice and has improved a ton in recent years. The surrounding neighborhoods are not the safest, but I've never felt unsafe while actually on campus. There is not much diversity among students. Dorms are pretty nice, food is good but you do get tired of it by the end of the year.
Mint-condition campus, dorm life is great (very well-kept, meeting tons of new people), basketball games are a blast, brand new state-of-the-art fitness center plans, and if you actually make an effort to meet upperclassmen like you're supposed to, parties are top notch. You'll have to work for everything, but it's entirely worth it.
Xavier is the perfect place for people who like big schools and small schools.  Xavier is actually a really small school with around 6,000 students total and a close community, but can have a big-campus feel because of the Men's Basketball team. Academically, there are a lot of great programs and great professors that will help you through.
Overall a great school! You can focus on academics which is why you should go to college in the first place and also go to parties on the weekends to let loose. I had a chemistry professor literally tutor me every other morning the professors go out of their way to help you if you ask!
I'm only a Freshman, but I love living on campus! The food could be better, but the atmosphere is awesome
Xavier, while it may not have the lowest admission rate, offers an incredible overall education. The school is established, I can't stress how much that helps, fantastic campus and making friends comes easily to 99.9% of students, and the darty scene is pretty rad. Xavier offers an extensive alumni network getting a postgrad job, easily attainable
Overall a great school! It has a great reputation and is really close to all sorts of stuff in Cincinnati.
Stay away if you have Learning Disabilities. The Disability services are amazing but the professors have no clue how to help you.
Xavier is awesome!
It's a great campus filled with great people. Small, do classes are more personal and makes it easier to learn.
The campus and people make me feel like I'm home. I feel like the professors actually listen to me and they remember my name. It's my Junior year and I'm still friends with my freshman roommates. We still live together! The classes can be hard at times but I know I have made the best choice for myself. My advice: Pick where you feel most at home.
nothing
Great school that challenges you where and when you need to be challenged but nothing overbearing. Party scene can be rough since small school and problems with XUPD and Norwood, meet upperclassmen and have a fake id as plenty of bars in MT. Adams, Banks, OTR. Inclusive, great sports, smaller school on the rise in a growing city. New facilities to.
Xavier is a great place to go to school very nice facilities, classrooms and staff but to be completely honest the social/weekend scene is lacking. I would much rather spend my Friday nights downtown
It can be kinda boring.
Great community atmosphere and business school
I love Xavier. I couldn't imagine a better fit for me. Yes, it is a smaller school with only about 4500 undergrads, but it allows you to get to know a big portion of the student body, and to have more opportunities on campus as far as leadership positions go. The only problem I have is that administration is not very transparent with all issues.
The school is well-respected by most employers in most social science-related fields as well as having a very high placement rate for biology/nursing majors in top-tier post-graduate programs.
Currently building new facilities which is helping/has helped a ton. Nightlife isn't too crazy but there are plenty of opportunities in the Cincinnati area.
Academically not super challenging. Social atmosphere can get pretty cliquey, and if one person knows something, then everyone knows it. Cincinnati's a great city though, and the name Xavier goes a good ways with employers. Some people really, really love it here. I can't super say I'm one of them, but it's been a learning experience for sure.
