Its alright
Xavier is a great place to attend college. You get to know a lot of people and professors through your major and they're nice. Could be more of a food selection. Luckily, everyone's been nice to me. Looking forward to graduation, but will miss it after!
Good Time
I have loved every moment so far and know that Xavier will help me grow into the adult I want to be. Great social environment and faculty.
GREAT place
I had initially been set on transferring and even went through the process after my first semester at X. Though you cannot leave a school if you don't give it a chance. Go out on a few weekends, join a few clubs, and don't be afraid to be yourself. X is what you make of it it takes one friend to help make take your college experience from 0 to 100
It's ok. Honestly, just go to UC since it's cheaper (unless you love something really specific about this school).
A dream school for anyone looking for a small campus with some great and competitive athletics
Avoid at all cost if you have a Learning Disability. Amazing Learning Disability Department, but the professors and the Administration have no idea how to help you or how the Disability department even works. Probably the worst and hardest 4 years of my life. I Spent 80+ hours a week studying and only receive mediocre grades.
I love this place. It feels like a home away from home. I highly recommend checking us out.
Great campus and academics. Social life could obviously improve and with all the construction going on, more food and space is needed.
I was expecting more from Xavier, my experience here has been quite awful to be honest.
Great Campus, not really much to do around the campus but overall great campus with a great basketball program and great facilities for students that go here. Food is also great as well as the dorms are very nice.
When you go to Xavier you go for the Reputation. Academics can be either really good, or needlessly hard compared to other schools, no real in-between. Administration sucks, a lot I, have had countless issues with professors and administration due to status as a student with military obligations and scholarships. The Caf food is very repetitive.
EXPENSIVE get ready for tuition to go up every year, 3 percent, and 5 percent since I've been here. Food is DISGUSTING Business College, alright I guess?
Home away from home
Xavier has a good rep and is expanding rapidly. However the university could be better. It's close to Cincy but also in the ghetto. Tons of opportunities for students to get involved. Internet rarely goes out and is good for gaming. Caf is decent but not a ton of options. Social life at Xavier is bad but not Belmont or Lipscomb bad.
Xavier is a wonderful campus that will become your home away from home. They offer more opportunities than you will ever be able to experience within your time here. There truly is something for everyone. Every aspect of this school and campus exceeded my expectations.
Everything is what you would expect here. Parties are not great but there is a good chance you get in if you know someone. Basketball games definitley love up to the expectation. Come if you want a small school
Friendly students, accessible campus and decent dorms.
Love X
Xavier is an OKAY at best school. Some programs are great but the campus is slowly becoming more concerned with looking good to the public eye and not actually pushing for student success.
The campus is so pretty, even for being in the middle of downtown Cincinnati, the people are all so nice, both students and faculty alike, the buildings are all up to date a pretty modern, there are a bunch of social activities for everyone to do regardless of interesting, and they genuinely care about all of their students safety and well being
Its a great school, love the teachers but the campus is not very natural, ie minimal trees and green space
This campus will allow you to be yourself. You will not feel pressured to drink or do drugs here.
Xavier is a great campus. It is very community centered. If you like a smaller campus with lots of things to do, Xavier may just be for you!
Xavier is awesome. Beautiful campus and very safe and secure even though it is located in kind of a sketchy area. Basketball games are the best and I love getting involved with the literal HUNDREDS of clubs they offer throughout the year. Food is great but tedious if you don't go off campus much. Starbucks on campus saves lives <3
Xavier University is an enigma in how the school makes your time there wonderful. Professors look out for their students and express concern when missing, the friends you meet (a little later for me) are forever, and the education has small class sizes and solid interaction between students and professors. School was challenging but doable.
Xavier University is a place for everyone. It is a very accepting and loving school. They take their basketball very seriously and the students here are distinguished. Many of the students I know choose Xavier over Notre Dame, Butler, or Villanova (schools they got into) because of the people here. The clubs are awesome (No Greek life on campus).
There is nothing to do here besides hang with friends and go to basketball. You can meet great friends. Very liberal catholic university, not strict with catholic tradition. Many departments are very bad (biology specifically). Only very liberal "pride " type of clubs. Lots of RA events to do, that's about it. little to do, liberal, in the hood
First year here and it's already so much fun being on campus and having a great learning environment.
Xavier is very nice school. The building are beautiful, the campus is gorgeous and small. It is easy to get around and very community based. Xavier's issues lay more with the administration and less in the physical traits of it. The academics are challenging and there are many opportunities to help students succeed. Staff tend to really care.
Two thumbs up from me
