Extremely small school, but charming. You see the same people every day.
It's what you make it.
They need more social life for the students, better choices of food, and def more contact sports.
If your looking for a party school, look somewhere else. Very diverse group of students. Class sizes are high school sized so you get a lot of help from teachers. You see the same people everyday which can be either good or bad. Tiny campus, some kids are a little strange. Nothing special about it.
This school is extremely small which I personally enjoy. I like that I don't have to worry about parking because there are always spots available. As for social, since I'm a commuter, I have only made a few friends. However, this school has very nice professors and makes it very easy for you to do well as a student and enjoy your time here.
This college is average, its small, and there's not really much to do besides go to class. There are dorms here and they are nice but I wouldn't recommend choosing this school if you plan to be away from home. Most of the students go home on the weekends anyway. The campus is small and this college has little to offer it's students.
This is a great college! I love it! Great people, great classes, many opportunities! Although the internet is so-so, but everything else is terrific! Go there for your college career!
Overall not the most perfect school but it is definitely not terrible
STAC is a great school
I currently am a grad student at another university and  I am still having issues at STAC.  Nothing ever was an easy answer and I felt like I had no help.  The biggest regret I had was feeling like I missed out on the college experience and seeing my friends from my home town talk about these amazing experiences that I did not have.
STAC's Motto is "It's What You Make Of It". You can have a great time making friends or be miserable and wish you were somewhere else.  Classes and day to day activities become a routine and nothing really changes.  Not a big school, but you can make the best of this place if you can make your own fun with the right people.
This is a expensive small private school please save your money. Go apply to a SUNY!!! If they have your major then you should apply but it's way better if you commute instead of dorming. If you are looking for a party school then this school is not for you !!Trust me !! Dorming is a waste of money! Go to a affordable well known school
They don't give you heat in the winter!!!!!!!!! No matter how cold it is outside. I just want heat, no matter how many times you text the ra you can't get heat! Like a day like to day where it is 20 degrees but no heat!!   The haven't offered three classes I need to graduate in four year so they have me take CJ classes. I know nothing of CJ!!!
My first year at STAC has been pretty amazing so far! I love how small the campus is, since I feel more connected with the professors. They're always there for you. When it comes to the social scene here, just be yourself & join clubs! I already met one of my best friends here. I would strongly recommend STAC to any one looking for a school.
I seriously love STAC so so so much! All of my professors are very helpful and kind. The campus is near a lot of places to eat + the Palisades mall. Even though it's a small campus, I really enjoy the closeness. Another thing  I like about the college is that it's generous with scholarships. I can't say enough good things about STAC!
I went to STAC a few years ago and absolutely loved it. All of the professors are so friendly and willing to help. The campus itself is not very large, but I did not mind that. This school also has a bunch of cool clubs + activities for students. Overall, I had a very positive experience at STAC.
Honestly, I was a little hesitant to go here at first (since it's a small school + not many people have heard of it). HOWEVER, I ended up completely loving this campus. STAC definitely offers a unique experience where your interactions with professors feel more personal. Also, the students here aren't too bad (I've made a few friends).
I'd say STAC is a pretty cool school. My major is medical technology & all of the professors are really interesting. The campus itself is small, but that isn't a problem for me. Overall, I enjoy going here & have made a few friends (I commute so this was something I thought was gonna be a challenge for me). I'd recommend STAC to people.
I love this campus so much to bits and pieces! I'm so glad I made a wonderful choice in this school! It's very close to my house and I commute there every day! People there are awesome!
it's what you make it. sit around and complain because there are no parties and you won't have a good time. there are a TON of clubs and i was constantly busy. the drama club there was the best decision i ever made. small campus-- you get to know everyone even the people who make your food are soooo friendly.
St. Thomas Aquinas is a good school for learing purposes, but not much else. There is little to no night life, the cafeteria food is disgusting, and everyone goes home on the weekends. A lot of the students are commuters which makes people feel even more distant. There arent many fun events on campus and it often gets boring.
