Small student:teacher ratios! If you fail at this school it is because you are not showing up to class!
The financial aid department does a crappy job. The people who work in that department are rude and inconsiderate towards other people..
I would say take all your prerequisites here because its a lot cheaper than other universities and then transfer to a bigger school when you are finished like i am! Cameron is a beautiful campus and has a great president that really cares for her students and faculty!
Avoid this university at all costs. You are better off going to any other university in Oklahoma. The faculty is terrible and the administration is worse. The focus of this university seems to be providing cheap classes and degrees to the military personnel stationed here. Any student interested in a serious college education should look elsewhere.
I love the small classes because you get to know your professors and the professors get to know your name. It isn't just a last name basis. I'm an English major, and the department and its professors are fantastic. The cost of tuition at Cameron, too, is nice. I lived on campus only my first semester, and it was expensive.
Campus personnel is very professional and helpful. Community and Campus very military friendly. Parking situation is a little rediculous. Food choices could be a little bit more but quality is very good.
Not only does this school strive to provide you with academic excellence, it is consistantly evolving and raising the bar for the University and students alike. This school is getting to the point where just the right amount of courses are being offered while keeping that small town, friendly atmosphere where it is an honor to learn.
EXCELLENT
If one can afford a bigger and better school then do so. It's boring and the school may be inexpensive in terms of tuition but the adims always find innovative ways to take additional money out one's pocket.  Cameron is known for its small classes and that one to one interface with the professor which is a rare experience in most schools.
Very beautiful campus. You can tell that a lot of your money is givin back to students through faclities. They do charge for EVERYTHING though and book prices are rediculous. A lot of teachers want to use Aplia, Mathlab, etc. which costs a lot of addional money just so they can have an easier grading method.
Unless you plan to go off-campus, you don't need to have a car. All classes are within 5-10 minutes walking distance, depending on walking speed.
I don't think this school is ideal for everyone, especially for International students.There's to much double standards when it comes to professors at Cameron University. Ignore all the negativity at the school and do your best.
There are activities on campus, but student participation is so low, that the activities almost always suck. I actually drive out of town just to have fun! Course offerings could most definately be better, and I would actually advise against living on campus. I tried to think of something positive to add, but alas I couldn't think of anything!
The school is cheap compared to other colleges nearby, but the fees go up every year. Between this and last year, my fees went up nearly $300. There is enough parking if you don't mind walking a bit if you show up later than 8:30 am for classes. The building is kept clean but there is always somewhere blocked off for repairs of one kind or another.
No comments
I believe they could offer a little more in the way of healthy foods, possibly have a way for a person with a restricted diet still be able to eat, and definitely give that person to pay for a amount that is more reasonable. $8 for all you can t when I do not eat but 8 oz of food is a bit extreme to me.
Its an affordable school.
Its an affordable school.
Its an affordable school.
Great attitudes mostly around this college
Cameron nothing more than what you make it
If at all possible, go somewhere else. This University's only claim to fame is how cheap it is. Rest assured, that will also be the quality of the education received. Caters to foreign students and "Green to Gold" military.
Do not attend. Cheap is no excuse for substandard education.
While Cameron's lower-level courses are designed to "keep butts in seats" as a professor once told me, the higher-level courses are a much better gauge of the quality you get here.  My only gripe is that some of the lower-division courses are TOO easy, and don't prepare you for the higher-level ones.  That's all on the professors, though.
ds
Pitful Business Department. They will make you take twice as many classes as you have too. They also refuse to accept credits from other institutions- even if those colleges are larger and more prestigious. Terrible experience. I would recommend SWOSU, SEOSU, OU, or OSU ahead of Cameron. Take your money elsewhere!
It's not the best school to attend but its affordable compare to others. There are few amazing professors and a lot who are extremely awful.
I love Dr. Price. He is extremely intelligent. He will make you work but lays everything out you need. You have to come to class, no late work. Stay off your phones! He hates it and it will reflect on your score. He will teach you everything you will ever need to know about speeches, and is very helpful. Whatever grade you get, you truly earned it.
My stint at Cameron was interesting, I met some extremely amazing professors and some not so good professors. Unfortunately, Cameron is located in a small town called Lawton, Oklahoma and is very diverse but segregated community. There 's existence of prejudice in the town itself, but the university remains a neutral entity.
I think that this campus needs more student friendly access to different areas on campus, such as building needing to be open later for students to student rather than being closed at 10 PM.
Excellent school
It's small but good
In a good location and the grounds are kept up daily. Internet is nonexistent in quite a few spots, but when you can find connection it isn't too bad. Many friendly professors.
Cameron University was a huge let down. Save yourself the money and time; go anywhere else. Cameron University - enroll at your own risk.
The best part about CU is the small classroom sizes, which means lots of individual attention from the very talented and dedicated professors.
Better than your typical community college. Most of the professors want to be there, and the buildings are well-maintained. Parking could be better, but if you're willing to walk you should be fine.
It is a good school, in a not so pretty town but with everything you need around. The campus is nice. Mainly international students and athletes living on campus, all the rest live off campus. Bad cafeteria.
No; unless it's free andor you have no choice, RUN!
The university needs to replace the tiny desks that's hard for bigger adults to fit in. All classrooms should have tables & chairs instead, especially if the student has any physical challenges, or just a large person. Also, the university needs to continue to make improvements; cosmetic & resources. However, you get charged for EVERYTHING, USE IT!
