Smaller classrooms.  Reasonably priced tuition.  Beautiful campus! Most professors will work more closely with student if student puts in the effort.
The new administration has no idea how to relate to students and acts desperate for money. If you owe Cameron any money then they will send you to a collection agency without trying work with the student. Cameron is affordable, however with the constant rise in cost, it's better for someone attend a more reputable school like MSU,OU or OSU.
English Dept is going downhill, great professors left, replacements are terrible, administration ignores needs of students. I would not get any degree here. Just get your Gen ED out of the way and go to a better school (OU, OSU, UCO). Unless there is significant change is the admin, I would not recommend anyone to get there degree here.
Get your GEN Ed here and go somewhere else.
Not a good university at all. It has good qualities but this school has made me want to leave more than stay. I live in campus housing and pay a fee for a computer lab. You have to buy your own paper and it's rarely maintained. There is constantly no ink and when I needed to print I had no ink and had to go accross campus and was late for class...
If you can't afford other places, or are nervous about college, Cameorn is a great place to go. It isn't extravagant like the others, but you can get an education, which is what college is about. The tuition is low, compared to other colleges, there are a lot of resources on campus, and the advisers help a lot.
Basically the only reason I chose this school was because I moved to Lawton and it was close and had the major I wanted. I know it has a bad reputation, but I actually love this school so far. All of my professors were great, they have lots of opportunities for help with schoolwork, and the general atmosphere is awesome. Would definitely recommend
While Cameron definitely has some of its darker spots, the campus is looking better every year, and the faculty is much more willing to work with students than some of the other big schools in Oklahoma. The location is pretty close to good recreational spots too, and tuition is pretty low. Not a bad choice for those looking for a decent college.
I got my degree a few years ago & have found it to be pretty worthless.  Employers haven't heard of the U.  outside of OK & while there were great profs like Drs Y, Paridon, & Carraher 2 of the 3 are gone & not replaced.  The 1 valuable part was getting to have a paper presented at Oxford U. but that option is gone.  OU should audit hiring.
I chose Cameron because I did not want a ton of student loans. Best decision ever. Any college you go to is what you make of it. The Communication Department at CU is top notch. So many opportunities to actually  use what I learned from these fantastic profs. The community here is tight because it is small, so i always feel at home!
Best  School Ever .
When I first came to check out the school before actually attending, the staff was really nice and made the school seem like an amazing place to be. But, once o actually started I realized it was all lies. The stuff is NEVER around and they NEVER want to help you, they are always rude, and  the dorms look like prison cells.
Cameron provides the opportunity for you to get to know your professors, but more importantly they get to know you thus opening more doors for you in the long run. You will not get this at a larger school! With that said, if you are wanting a science degree be prepared to work hard for good grades, but also expect to very competitive upon grad.
Need I need to write more.
Cameron University degrees only target the Southwest Oklahoma area. The degree programs are not meant for people who want to work outside of Southwest OK. Thus, I recommend that people research this university before applying here.
Cameron is a great way to get a good education without the anxiety of a massive university. The professors are great! I love that you can really get to them and they get to know you. Lawton may not be your top vacation resort; however, there are many unique opportunities if you put yourself out there.
Overall, a great campus. Usually pretty dead around the weekends due to many people going home for the weekend, but the campus is still charming.
Beautiful campus and amazing facilities. Food is not good except from the MCC
The school is a very calm school, it is located in somewhat of a small city but you can make it out to be the best place ever. It is what you put into it. Can be quite boring at times because of lack of funds and "exciting" things to do but it's actually not as bad as it seems.
This is my second year at Cameron and it continues to get worse in my opinion. Cameron University is one of those schools that tries to reel people in and puts on a huge show in order to make a good first impression but once your stuck here you'll soon realize the truth. Plus the cafeteria food is horrible and the staff there are the same... Rude..
Don't even waste your time coming here. It made me want to leave WAY more than it ever made me want to stay. The professors are nice, but the staff is horrible and I'm surprised they ever get anything done and oh god are they rude. I've had beyond my fair share of encounters with them.. FOOD SUCKS and Lawton is a horrible, nasty, trashy town.
I live on campus for a while, and I feel that housing treats the students, who pay to live on campus, like inferiors. This is a sad because it is the people who pay to live on campus that the housing staff (RAs, hall directors, and housing director) all have a job. I recommend that people live off campus or at home. It is cheaper and better.
Due to budget cuts, lots of educational services are gone. Thus, I recommend that if anyone wants to come here, he/she needs to do lots of research on this college. For the most part, this college is hanging in there. Yet, if you want a great college experience, Cameron might not be the best choice for you. Thus, choose carefully before applying.
Love it
All of my friends, who graduated, have found great jobs, across the country. The girls are fine; the parties are fun. The gym is awesome, and the education is very challenging. CU provides a solid education with a challenging curriculum. The acceptance rate from CU to medical school is higher than OSU or OU, likewise w MCAT and DAT scores.
I lived on campus in the village and it was very nice but the internet almost never seemed to work so why I was paying for it, I don't know. In order to have a good time here you must also find something to be involved in. Honestly, Cameron University is really a what you make it campus especially coming in as a true freshman from high school.
It's grand.
it's a little better than what you would expect from a small town university. Theres nothing special about this school.
