I love Cameron's campus. It is very nice, clean, and I believe it to also be in a location. It is definitely a good College. BUT the staff can be very rude and uncomforting and Lawton is not a very nice town. It is a very nasty town and has a lot of problems. Despite these problems, I never felt unsafe on campus nor did I want to leave.
it's alright
great place
It's very much what someone would expect from a small university.
I only attend the Duncan campus but I am dreading having to drive to Lawton campus in the very near future. Duncan campus is nice. It is one building and great staff. I love how ITV classes are offered to reduce students need to commute to main campus. CU Duncan is always clean and most of the professors are great and personable.
Cameron University is a great school if what you're worried about is financial standing and commute. A great school if you live nearby, but the housing facilities are sub-par. I would recommend an apartment or living with relatives. If you're thinking of going here to get an easy degree, college just isn't for you. It takes a lot of effort.
I've never regretted my choice to go here. Class sizes are small, profs care, it's safe, and it's well-priced.
This place is an absolute mess if you are studying a major with a smaller department.
Cameron University is a great choice for the low tuition rates. I highly recommend this university to anyone looking for a decent school with good tuition prices.
Better than expected, I was plesantly suprised.
Safe and decent campus all around
Cameron is probably the worst school to go to in Oklahoma. The tuition is cheap and only some professors are great. Theyre are times you would have a hard time with financial aid. Classrooms are a decent size. But the dorm rooms suck, boys and girls. Girls will barley have any WiFi or internet up stairs where their at due to the rooms so high up.
They might have the cheapest tuition in Oklahoma, but it's the cheapest for a reason...
Cameron University is an amazing college. I love the science department. Cameron is one of the only facilities in Oklahoma who allow students to practice on actual cadavers! Not to mention the dorms are very nice - especially compared to all other dorm rooms I have seen in Oklahoma.
I am graduating this year and can honestly say that I will miss Cameron University. Its definitely one of the nicer universities in the state of Oklahoma. Plus, the tuition comes at a great price. I always recommend Cameron University to those wanting to further their education.
The faculty will seemingly steer you on the wrong path with scheduling & cause you to get over a year behind. Cameron University makes it near impossible for students to graduate on time due to HIGHLY restricted class schedule options. Several upper level classes are only offered every other year in the fall or spring & virtually no summer classes.
