This is a school for people who want an education, rather than those who want a pretty name on a resume. You deal directly with your professors, not TAs, and you have maximum control over your own schedule. Great for older college students and those who have to work or have other things going on in life.
You feel like a number unless you are majoring in something that has small class sizes. I am very disappointed with the school and with most of the teachers lack of interest in their students success. You also feel very isolated due to SO many people being there, you don't make friends often and no one bothers to get to know you.
Parking sucks. There is only one strip of 2hr free parking that is a little sketchy and about a 10min walk to class. Took me a almost a whole semester to find it lol so good luck. It fills up quick and the more it fills up, the further you have to walk. Besides that, its a nice campus. Great view of Denver on one side and the Rocky mts on the other
It is underestimated. Really a great school
This school is a disconnected campus. There are three different schools that use the campus and share buildings. However Metro has some of the oldest resources and is outdated. The classes were nearly useless and could have been taught but just about anyone. You get what you pay for and at this rate it should be much cheaper.
I have been to 3 other colleges and none compare...I think there are 3 main points for choosing a college. 1.LOCATION: this place is pretty stellar, 2.PROFESSORS: The teachers have work experience and are here to teach, not to do research, 3.STUDENTS: The students here actually want to learn, they aren't trustfunders, and partying isn't priority
This school is for people who do not need to be told what to do. Metro is very diverse and is proud of it. If you ask questions, think for yourself, and are not afraid to take the reigns then you will be fine. If you need someone to hold your hand and tell you what to do, look to another school. Metro is a huge campus, get ready to do some walking.
Great school. Very diverse student population.  updating classroom buildings to be more modern.  Nice selection of major programs as well as a design your own degree program.  Great education for the $$.  I averaged about $3k/semester. CU/DU are about 3x that.
It's a total commuter campus, not the traditional college setting.  It's lax & easy going.  Tough to figure out at first but easy after your first couple weeks.  I'm happy to be here.
This school is truly for those who want an education.  While most profs are part timers, they teach at other schools (Core classes) such as CU/UCD/DU or in industry (aviation) and have extensive experience before they come in. Out of 40+ classes I have had only 2 bad professors, and would recommend MSCD for people looking for a great education.
This is probably the most affordable institute of higher education in CO.  That should be your main reason for attending this school.  It's more of a second-chance school, and because of that, you occasionally get second-chance professors.  However, I think school costs too much in the first place, so kudos to this place for keeping it affordable.
Great school, but not the normal college life. Kids come for the education
It's hard to feel like you really matter here.  It feels more like a shopping mall than a school. The cafeteria (which offers only disgusting fast-food) is a pretty lonely place unless you are a racial minority (so you can hang out with others of your minority) or all your high school buddies go there too. All that aside, there are some good profs.
great school!!! same great education at a cheaper price!
This is a total commuter campus. Half the kids going to this school are not from the area. With that said, unless you live in a dorm the chances to meet people are slim. If your looking for the typical college life, Metro is not the campus for you. I wouldn't really recommend this college.
Metro is starting to gain respect from employers and from interning, there are many former metro students that I have seen heavily involved and successful in their careers. I have shook hands with many students that have reached high status careers. It isn't a traditional campus with house parties. If you go there expect to learn and gather skills.
I cannot comment on other departments outside of history really but I think the history profs here are outstanding. Dr Richard is incredibly knowledgeable about Civil War. Drs. Kaplan, Grundman, Makley, Altherr are all outstanding with top notch credentials that you would generally see at a major university. The campus needs work but great location
Good school, unfortunatley poor reputation due to tuition costs and acceptance rate and more than likely its hitory. However is an up and coming school, and its reputation is increasing among the state colleges and universities.
Pros: Low-cost, diverse student body near an accessible urban campus. Cons: This campus is lonely. Dense student population makes social life very difficult; you are likely to not make friends on this campus. No dorms, few social events; student housing is incredibly expensive and many students will not bother to talk to you.
Being downtown is the one of the best parts of campus. There is always something to do and the campus does a pretty good job of coordinating events on campus for your entertainment...does not have the big university feel if that is what you are looking for.
This school sucks. Dont come here if you want to be taken seriously. They have some good professors but that does not make up for this horrible school. It is a bureaucratic mess. This place is just awful, yeah tuition is cheap, I wonder why? Anyways, they make up the lost cash by shaking you down in anyway possible.
It's not social. At all. The "friends" you make, are only your "friends" for that semester. Don't look for any lifelong college buddies here. But if you are dedicated to your education you will do fine here. The teaching isn't bad, it's the student body. Diverse, but clique-y
It is a great place to go to college.  Kind of a 2nd chance school but still worth it.  Great location, go downtown between classes with friends.  Small class size.  Metro is gaining in the post college, employer field, they understand there are great students working hard and are willing to hire them on.
Beautiful campus.  Great instructors.  Easy accessibility.
Best school ever! :)
Has some very strong programs and some very good teachers. Hard to find student support, including counseling, you have to continually ask till you find someone you can rely on. It was the same at CU for me - too many profs too focused on research to care about students.
I'm a transfer student, and I have been treated so horrible by this school and their staff. Had I known, I would've chosen a different school. No one cares if they tell you the wrong building, the wrong person or times to be places or whom to talk to. The lady who works in the psychology department is a complete, you know. They just DON'T CARE
Despite years past this school is gaining respect among employers. I transferred into this school from a good name school originally for the cheap tuition and I feel I am treated better here. This is not the typical college experience, this is for people who want to learn and not just socialize. Parking sucks. Good school
The campus has a public highschool feel. If you dont care about an actual education and just want a degree, youll love it here. If your attending because you want to actually learn, youre better off attending another school. The "professors" are stagnate. The choose not to teach, instead presenting power point slides, EVERY class.
This college is NOT a community college. It's a commuter school, which means it is in the middle of a city and not a college town. Metro is a state college and now in the process of becoming a University. The school is a great, reasonably priced college to attend. It is not very social, but many of the teacher can be great teachers! :o)
Love Auraria campus and Metro!
If successful in the first two years, you should transfer to a school with better reputation.
Good value for the money if you are interested in accounting. Don't know about other majors.
It's a really great commuter school, but still have a really awesome college atmosphere. there are student 3 living communities, all at a decent price, but it's great for freshman and sophomore who want to stay at home to save money for the first two years at school.  I highly reccomend Metro, or any school at Auraria Campus.
The only thing great about this school is the PR department, which is working overtime to market to Denver residents - especially Hispanics. Classes are desultory, professors want to be elsewhere, degrees do not lead to jobs or grad school. There is no campus life. Downtown location would be great if transportation/parking were not so difficult.
Do not go here. Go to a real college. This place blows. The WiFi on campus is horrible and there is no WiFi in the King Center and that is a brand new building. The library is Ghetto and the whole school is in down town denver surrounded by homeless people. Way too many people pedeling crap on campus also. Ugly and gross campus
I love this school! It's not a school to make friends though; it's definitely more education oriented than for partying. I'm very happy I chose to come to this school, so far all the professors have been great.
From my point of view, as an engineering technology major, this school is great. Very diverse campus population so you shouldn't have trouble meeting people with similar interests. Parking can be expensive if you don't want to walk it out. Close to Denver's most popular bars/clubs. Most of my classes and professors and have been great.
Metro is definitely not for everyone. Two of my best friends came here with me when we graduated high school and both are now gone. If you want an education at a very low price, then I recommend Metro. If you are expecting the traditional 4-year college experience w/ parties and dorm life, try Boulder or FoCo. Metro is definitely what YOU make it.
My biggest gripe about Metro is that no 2 departments share the same data base and are all run by work study kids who don't know or care about anything. If you ask 3 different employees the same question, you'll get 3 different answers. The Fin Aid Dpt. is the WORST! If you want real answers BEFORE you run out of $, deal directly w/ DOE.
This school is undergoing some kind of accreditation to increase their degrees usefulness. This, they are increasing the amount of work, but not the quality of teaching.  While some of the professors on this campus are very good, many of the departments are not willing to work with any complaints. You are only a student to them, not consumer.
I don't know what everyone is complaining about, so what if Metro isn't a party school, I want to learn. The light rail  is right there so there is no reason to drive to school and I think the professors are great. I want to go to grad school and I believe that Metro will get me there. The first time I walked on campus I felt like I was home.
At Metro you really do get a lot of bang for your buck. I have been 90% happy with all of the professors I have had here. Some of them also teach at D.U. so you really are getting a quality education at a much lower price. I love Metro but I wish they weren't changing the name to something stupid. What's wrong with MSUD?
This school does not police their teachers very well. The thing is, all the teachers that I have had that have been poor, are those in the math department. But overall, the quality of teaching is lacking.
I grew up in Denver but I never thought I would be going to Metro. I loved the school though and I love that it is located downtown Denver near a ton of public transportation. They really work with first time students and help you succeed
Great school, very cheap in price with professional teachers
In many majors, instructional quality is warmed over high school. Degrees in liberal arts here will not open doors for you. If you go to Metro, get something that will prepare you for a licensed job.
I love this school! There are people here from all different ages, ethnicities and walks of life... making friends is so easy! There are so many places to get food, and the Tivoli is awesome! Lounges and computer labs are available all over campus too! Go Roadrunners!
I felt that this school was helpful and friendly in getting enrolled and on the track I wanted. I am in the nutrition program and I love the subject & many of the professors but feel that the program is a bit disjointed in its teachings and still very unorganized. The chemitry department and profs are terrible here.
This School gave me a Second Chance.  Before this school I was struggling at a CC where it felt more like HS then anything else.  If you major in a science field it's like taking classes from CU as a lot of the classes are taught by Professors from both schools.  GREAT PLACE TO GET A GREAT EDUCATION.
Biggest complaint is that you can never get a question answered by the work-study folks who run a great deal of the campus. Half of the time I ask a question, I ask three different people and get three different answers.
NOT A VERY SOCIAL CAMPUS!
Even though this is a "commuter" campus, there is such an awesome feeling of community! There are people from all ages, backgrounds, and parts of the world attending this campus, so not only are you getting awesome education, but you're also learning from your peers!
Great diverse campus. Very down to Earth and good for creating real world experience while maintaining a college atmosphere
the campus needs more student lounge areas for studying and for just hanging out in between classes.
Metro is a commuter school. It's deffinately not a social environment and many proffs have 100s of students so it's hard to stand out and get ahead. It's a reasonable price though for a college education and that's the idea. It's affordable, you can get a degree that means something and you can learn what you need.
The school is extremely underrated. I can't speak for all of the programs offered, however the CET department is awesome here. Classes are extremely challenging, professors are extremely experienced within their field and enjoy passing on their knowledge to their students.
It's a good campus and a great location. Those that complain about the parking: USE THE LIGHT RAIL! There are two stations on campus and you pay for using RTD in your fees, so use it! I love the classes because it's not all 18yo kids. People bring in real life experiences to discussions and most of the profs treat you as peers because of this.
Good location and still growing.  Unfortunately, location also allows for Denver's homeless to wander through campus.
I have been to many different colleges, and even taught at one. Metro is by far the best college!
I just completed my first year at MSCD as a transfer student. I am impressed by the professors, the ACCESS Center and staff. There is some inconsistency with financial aid and admissions, but this is something to be worked around with proper organization...a good choice overall!!
I transferred to Metro two years ago. I feel like the school has really good teachers, small classes, and lots of opportunities. I love it, and would recommend it to others. At first it was hard to make friends but I realized I'm not there to meet people I'm there to get a quality education.
Look up teacher evals BEFORE you sign up for classes. There are great teachers & if you're paying for the service you might as well do your research before committing. Living closer to Denver makes getting to campus a breeze (Light Rail is super) & making friends easier. I LOVE Denver, campus is next to 16th FUN stuff! Craigslist 4 books = cheap.
This school has amazing professors.
There hasn't been one professor that I haven't liked.
This campus lifestyle is very different from other Universities, as it is right downtown and not a very social environment. The professors are mostly really great and the classes are just as challenging and educational as other colleges I've been to. Administrators are helpful and take pride in the school. I'm glad I transferred here.
I love this place!!!
For transistioning from a College to a Univeristy the school is not too bad.
Metro is a great place to be regardless of your age! So far my experience has been awesome!
What is there good to say about Metro? nice view of the mountains and downtown, thats about it. I have been to 3 different colleges and this is by FAR the worst. I have been a senior 3 semesters (now graduating) and all 3 semesters I was given three different degree plans. They will suck money from you and their advisors really dont care about you.
high value education
Great school but it has THE WORST adminstration I have ever seen coupled with some very shady financial policies. Over all a good school though some of the best most down to earth professors you will find.
I am a transfer student from California, and all I can say is that Metro isnt bad. The 2 things it seems to miss is 1) the college atmosphere seems differant here, and 2) nothing healthy to eat that remotely tates good.
Love it. In the heart of Denver
It's in kind of a sketchy area, but it's okay. I go here because it's the most affordable option next to community college. I wish it was just one school on the campus though. It doesn't feel like I'm in college and I feel like I'm missing out on a lot. But I'm getting a decent education, so I guess that's what counts.
School is targeted for older generations, not so much for new college students.
I transferred here a few semesters ago. Positives include the views, you're always close to the action, there are plenty of options for food and drinks, tons of programs and classes. Nearly every prof. I've had has been really great. Downsides are: sketchy campus, poor maintenance, horrible terrible administration, bad internet and lack of respect.
It may seem that Metro is not a great school but I've learned more here than I did at a more traditional university. I love it here and am proud to graduate from here.
Go into a Individual Degree program if you want out once you hit your 120 credits, if your a Adult student like me BEWARE of the CCD English and math racket. And get ready to get in shape you will do lots of walking and impractical hikes to get to your classes on time, the professors are cool and expect you to just do your work and show up.
Metro is a great school. The Auraria Campus is pretty terrible but it is getting better.
The only complain I have is that there are quite a bit of bums on campus, since we are right off of Colfax. Other than that... GREAT!
The only negative thing about Metro is the food choices...absolutely TERRIBLE.
I love this school and the atmosphere it brings with it!
Great education, great urban campus downtown, great tuition rates
MSUDenver is a wonderful University, Professor are awesome and I love everything about it, it is affordable, it has a great variety of programs. Great University!
I always thought Metro was a school people went to if they couldn't go elsewhere, and it is.  But I've had a much better experience here than I did at a large state school.  Professors are knowledgeable, helpful, and care about their students and the school far more than most colleges.  Also, the downtown location could not be better.
Campus is right on the light rail with two drop off points.Very close to downtown also which is a plus too. Some teachers are tougher than others but I think all and all they are pretty good. Quad could be nicer and I wish there were more social events on campus. Save some cash and do your generals at CCD which is also right on campus.
It was an easy transition for an older student, I am 27 years old and I am glad I choose Auraria Campus and Metropolitan State University.
I am very Glad I chose MSUDenver I love the people there and the professors are fantastic !!!!!!!
Awesome
Some programs are great, some aren't. So, do your homework on what you want from an education. Some professors are wonderful, some aren't so talk to some majors and get our opinions. Overall, you can get a good credential if you are careful and willing to work hard. School's reputation won't move upward till the uneven quality is taken care of.
You get what you pay for and recently tuition almost doubled from 3 years ago. Some professors care some don't. THere are a lot of fees you pay for even if you don't use them and you have to pay a lot for parking.
It's right next to downtown Denver and I love the feel of the city and how close everything is.
It's right next to downtown Denver and I love the feel of the city and how close everything is.
very unsafe campus
The campus is crowded and huge, everything is hustle and bustle. There are a ton of new buildings which is nice, but the new consecutive 9% tuition hikes are not so nice.  Still, MSU is a pretty affordable school. The downtown location is a hassle most of the time, but if you know where to go it can be decent.
I really do love attending Metro. It has so many great classes and MOST professors are very educated and great at teaching. I went to North ca,pus for a semester but after attending the main campus for a semester I fell in love with it. I think you will too!
Good school. It is growing!
One of the best aviation programs in the country!
It is a very affordable school. The milieu of the campus isn't the best in my opinion, personally because I'm not much of a city person, but if you are, then you'd love the locations. It is right in the heart of Denver.
Great professors and great people
Metro is a commuter school and you have to keep that in mind when deciding if you want to attend. It's harder to make connections with people or find the social, typical college scene unless you're living in student housing, and even then it's different than a university like CU Boulder, for example. It's cool being downtown though. (:
If you want to go into anything related to communication like TV or even merely the necessary tools to develop a solid, confident sounding speech, take classes at UCD or go somewhere else. I couldn't even FIND someone working there who even knew where the department was located on campus, including the PD! It only went downhill from there. Go CU!
If you want to have lung cancer from second hand smoke, attend this campus. Also, have fun eating subway 24/7 for the next 4 years.
there is a reason its so cheap to go here.
Great Campus, they're adding improvements such as a dorm for Metro State. Great Basketball teams and plenty of clubs to get involved with.
I wish I decided to go to a different college for my schooling. I haven't enjoyed this experience like I thought I would. I think it is a good school for people who work and want to go to school, to hurry and get it done. It is a commuter school and your friends will be a handle full of people you know on campus or people that are in your major.
Metro used to be a good place for non-traditional students. But after they got their university status they stopped making things accessible to those students. Flexible class times, the number of online classes and availability of clubs and activities all took a dive.  Yes, its cheaper tuition, but for the lack of prestige, it's not worth it.
This is an amazing University for the non-traditional student. Very affordable and passionate faculty make MSUD my school of choice.
Inexpensive tuition, beware, you get what you pay for.
This place is literally the ASHTRAY of Denver! If walking through piles of cigarette butts and clouds of smoke is the ideal campus atmosphere for you, go to MSU. Dirty, nasty and unsafe!
Great location and decent school.  A lot of students just transfer to CU Denver if they want a more accredited school.  The campus is fairly clean if you can overlook the Denver bums on the corners.
Great place with many different majors to choose from.  Lots of resources to help achieve where you want to go in life!
The school of business is fantastic! Mostly great teachers and many opportunities for out of college careers. I am satisfy with my upper classes very much!
Great school, not much of a social life on campus but students are generally serious about their education and work hard. Faculty is helpful and have real world experience generally.
Business/Accounting majors and some science majors I spoke to seem pleased with their instructors, but my experience so far is the profs are just mailin' it in. There are a few dorm rooms scattered around but that doesn't mean there's a campus community atmosphere. Even for those who live here, downtown is too distracting for that to happen.
I am a Human Services Major who transferred with an associate degree and I could not have asked for a better undergrad education! When I was doing my internship I was told by my supervisor that I knew more than her graduate student interns. The faculty and staff cares and helps you with anything you might struggle with.
Metro is an awesome school. I really love going here. The only thing I don't like is the lack of more upper division classes and the food selection on campus. There seems to be unhealthy and fast food everywhere, but it's close to downtown and other places to eat. The food truck community comes often also so that's a plus.
vhvhgvghvhgv
Not a great school to go to if you are looking to party but if you want to actually learn it's fantastic. Students are serious about what they do and at least for the engineering technology program, you get real world examples without fluff that is worthless in industry. When you graduate you can absolutely get a job.
Affordable, nice campus, good teachers.
I hated paying for parking everyday, I wish that they had special parking for students. Everyone minds their own, unless you know people before college, you will never really get to know anyone. The professors are great but I hated being at such a big campus that had me running back and fourth.
The parking is horrible, some of the professors are highly unprofessional and will not assist you with help if you need it, there is a serious racism issue at the school that is often ignored by the faculty. If you're a minority I wouldnt recomend you come here.
Don't go here, you will not have a social life.
This campus is home to three colleges and has a unique history. It's right next to downtown Denver and at certain locations on campus you have a wonderful view of the Rocky Mountains! The classes are small for the most part and there are a lot of resources on campus at your disposal. It's affordable, accessible, and growing.
cheap, good professors, easy access by RTD, fun events on campus, great mountain views by day, awesome city views by night. I love this school.
Good school.
I really like this school
Love this school! A university with small class sizes!
Flexibility of classes, and convenience of location with students who seem to care more about career education than traditional campuses.
Awesome school, it would be even better if people didn't keep to themselves as much.
Don't let the low reputation fool you. This school may have a low GPA requirement but that's because they give people a second chance. It is a great school over all. It's great having small class sizes.
Affordable, convenient and fun.
Very good school, love the environment, and its very affordable.
I have attended metro since aug of 2010 and over the years it has changed for the good and the bad.Its a very populated school now, which is way different compared to my first year there. I hate the new black board, and the fact that every online teacher has a different method of email,and it makes it very confusing to keep up with two plus emails.
There are a lot of great opportunities for students at MSU Denver.
Pros-location, diversity, cost (especially if you take more than 12 credits in a semester), new grad program, quality instructors, 3 schools on one campus,     Cons-horrible on campus food options, AHEC, parking, parking tickets, parking prices, increasing tuition prices, apathetic students, crime, homeless presence on campus especially the library
A great downtown location with some classes offer at campuses located south and north of the downtown area.  Located right next to two light rail stops..  It has plenty of programs to choose from.  A very diverse student population, and professors with real world experience in their fields.
I love the school! It's a bit hard to get involved in social activities but other than that it's wonderful.
Not so great to be downtown, on a large campus shared with other schools. Parking and getting to class takes a lot of time, and it's expensive to commute. There's no sense of connection with people or pride in the institution. Classes are small but profs are grumpy or dull or both, students are listless and distracted and don't prepare for class.
I am working on my MSW here. The program is challenging, interesting, and it has more than adequately prepared me to work in the field. Great location, grounds, professors, and price.
It is a great campus
The professors are of low quality. How some of them have Ph.D's is beyond me. And it's professors like them who then give out As to everyone who shows up and does the work, never minding the quality and competency of the students' work and ability. Getting a degree here makes my degree feel worthless. The standards are set very low.
School spirit is at an all time low on this campus . If you are like me and love to get involved and love to have a ton of school spirit and love to get involved, you may want to check out some other universities. But if you only care about academics this is the place to be.
Overall good school most professors are nice and professional few are not so good check this site first for sure before you take a professor
love it!
There is much that could be improved.  The quality of the education that I was getting 3 years ago when I started has declined and there just simply some Professors that should not be teaching.
I think we have one of the best art programs in the state. I feel challenged by my peers and professors here. They have also been making great changes to campus that have made my experience a lot better. Renovations all over the Metro buildings make it nice to come here as a commuter student.
It is one of the more affordable Universities in Colorado, it shares the same campus (Auraria Campus) as CU Denver (Colorado University @ Denver) and CCD (Community College of Denver). The campus is pretty big, however it does not take long to get to one side to the other. It is also conveniently located off the lightrail.
Its a good school
Plenty of opportunity for stuff, but you actually have to look and try hard. Plenty of leadership opportunity in clubs, if that's your thing, but as far as social events and activities, you're better taking a ride to DU.
Urban school with a not so urban feel.  Small but nice campus.  Friendly atmosphere great public transportation options.
The campus looks more like the suburbs than an urban campus.  Tear out some of that water-sucking turf and make the campus more apart of downtown
Its a great school with a lot of places to study and unwind like the pool hall.
It's a great school for its price and a good school for introverts. Some good professors, some interesting classes ... however, the student body is kind of sad, since the majority of them are commuters who goes to school, work, and then go home. It's understandable since they are just here for the degree.
I've got many learning opportunities.  Professors and staff are approachable and helpful.
I wish I would have went somewhere else for college. If you are looking for making a ton of friends then I wouldn't come here. Come here if you just want to go to school and work during college.
I'm enjoying my time at MSU Denver. The campus is beautiful and is centrally located in Denver. I love seeing mountains as I walk from building to building. Tuition is low, and administration has been helpful. Most importantly, I've learned a lot and have expanded my horizons. I'd recommend it to anyone looking for good educational value.
For freshmen, we have this cool First Year Success program that really invites in freshmen &helps them transition into college life. For everyone, we have numerous clubs and social activities, usually posted around the campus, & our sports are growing. Great inviting atmosphere. Across the street is a theme park, hockey stadium, & NFL stadium.
It's a commuter school. Not your typical 4-year university but I love the faculty (in the accounting department) and the location.  Some facilities are dated but there is a lot of renovation and new buildings are being put up. I would highly recommend MSU Denver to any student who wants a quality education and isn't looking to party all the time.
I LOVE this school. It is so accommodating and they really do care about everyone. All classes are no larger than about 25-30 students and the teachers aren't there to do research, their only job is to be a professor. The campus is overflowing with diversity and welcomes all who want an education, even people as old as 100 can go there. BEST SCHOOL
Best professors, very caring and thorough in making you feel that you're not just a needle in a haystack. Great resources, parking is easy, best food trucks all the time, huge library, right in the middle of Denver!
Great campus, great professors.
Dollar for dollar, you can't beat Metro.  Although some departments are amazing, some leave a bit to be desired, so I guess the rigor of your academics depends on what you're doing.  Being downtown is fantastic.
Good if you're not looking to party.
Going to school in the heart of Downtown Denver is amazing! You have beautiful views in every direction. There's the Rocky Mountains, Sports Authority Field, Pepsi Center, Coors field, Elitches, 16th street mall, etc;
After spending 5 years at this school i  can honestly say i will never miss this place. It's a fine school but the departments don't usually know what's going on and always seem to be behind from the real world. I had the worst experiences with the english department and met some of the rudest people. Very affordable though!
I only went here for 2 years and absolutely hated it!! I ended up transferring and I've learned more in 1 semester of my new school than 4 semesters at Metro. Some of the teachers are nice and actually care but the majority don't. The only amazing thing is the view of Downtown Denver and the Rocky Mountains!
It is more difficult to make friends here because we all commute to campus, but it is not impossible. Most of the people are focused on their academics and this is because of the almost affordable tuition. Great choice for someone looking to avoid going into debt for their college education, plus the school is in the heart of Downtown Denver.
I've attended MSU for the last two years and I could honestly  say that the lack of social life has affected my happiness and grades. Don't go here unless you don't like to have fun and meet new people
Love this school!!!
I really enjoy going to this school aside from the fact that it is downtown. Getting here, whether you commute or not is kind of messy. A lot of the departments are starting to ONLY offer classes online, which is terrible. Why else would I be PAYING to go to college if I wanted an online education.
It's more affordable than most schools, but most of the campus seems to be nontraditional students. The campus itself doesn't seem to care about its current students, they keep changing stuff around but not actually doing anything that would actively better the campus experience. Why add new buildings when the current ones are in such disrepair?
Its located in downtown. Light rail access is really good. Night life is a few blocks away.
Not much to say. A lot of non-traditional students, and if you're one you won't be alone. That said, not a lot of support if you're not a youngster.....
This is a commuter campus, so you won't make many friends here.  The internet connection is TERRIBLE, sometimes I've had to put away my laptop and go to the computer lab just to use the internet.  Some of the teachers have ancient teaching methods, which should NOT be the standard.  The location is alright.
I absolutely LOVE this campus and all it has to offer. Food wise, you will find a very wide selection. With such variety, there will always be something for someone to find. I have made such good friends that I know will be with me for a long time. Not too far from night life in the city. Wi-Fi sometimes cuts in and out, that's my only complaint!
You have to be on campus a lot to get involved
great school with terrible food and terrible wifi. most of the teachers are amazing with the occasional exception. through compairing with friends, i've heard the classes are not as in depth as some other universities. i'm sure it is more social if you live in the "dorms" ei auraria campus student lofts or campus village apts
Absolutely love this campus. It's so beautiful, right in the middle of the city. Metropolitan State is a great school and offers so much. I love it here!
The campus is good in terms of getting around with great views, although the campus most of the time have students that aren't very social and seem like they are "too busy" if you spot them, and no time to socialize.
I love this school other than the constant activists bothering you to buy something, donate something, listen for 20 minutes, etc about some issue.  I get that there are a lot of issues in this world, but seriously, I need to get to class.
It's a great campus with lots of opportunities. The university is growing, meaning we're getting new food options, library reconstruction, updated buildings, new buildings, new student organizations, events, etc. We're growing into a university and it's great to a part of that phase.
MSU Denver is a great university! Still in the transition from college to university, so lots of changes being made including new food options, upgraded library, new buildings, growing student organizations, lots of internship, work-study, and student employment opportunities. We just need better internet connections and more food options.
