Love the campus, classes, and teachers. Great school
For the most part the teachers actually care if you make it or not in their classes and it's a big enough campus that you can blend in with people and not be seen, but the classes are small enough that you can make some pretty good friends.
I love this school people just need to be city people.
We are building a strong community, as many of us students and teachers are commuters to this campus, we reach well across Colorado. We are connecting great minds and making big transformations in many communities
Metro isn't in first place in these parts -- but I'd give it second or third.
Love that there is a diverse student population
Good school if your trying to save money on college, but lacks a sense of community.
It's a fairly nice campus that has been going through many renovations and additions in the past few years. Despite all the homeless people we get, I love the urban setting.
Solid school.   Great location.   It's still a new school, so it's still building its reputation.   Definitely headed in the right direction.   They need to do something about the horrendous parking situation though.    They already get us on $800 in random "fees" every semester,  it would be nice to get dedicated, free student-faculty parking.
This is my last semester at Metro, and I really hoped my experience would get progressively better. Unfortunately, Metro is an all-around disappointing school. The student has to be VERY proactive to graduate in 4 years. The administrative, registrar, admissions, and advising office  are staffed with people who don't care about the students.
great school, just needs more of a campus life!!!
Metro is what you make it. You will have to make more effort than a place like CU Boulder to get involved, but the opportunities are there; just do the research. Aesthetically, it is decent.  I have attended both UCD and Metro, and the only notable difference is slightly nicer facilities and more elbow room in class. Metro's rep seems to be growing
Though Metro wouldn't have been my first choice, it has been a great school. I'm a dual degree student, and I've found the departments to have a mix of exceptional professors and total duds. I would certainly research your department of interest before applying, but my personal experience and anecdotal evidence has said MSU Denver works well.
I love this school
Beautiful views of the city. The building are old but are being upgraded. The students are friendly.
Great school
Great School.
I attended UNC (University of Northern Colorado) for two year prior to transferring into Metro.  I have to say, the quality of education I have received from Metro I feel is much stronger than it was at UNC.  The class sizes are all pretty reasonable. It is a commuter campus though, so interaction between students on campus is pretty low.
Class sizes are small and professors care about students.  Tuition is cheap, and the education is satisfying. The tutoring center is also very helpful.  This is a good place if you only care about earning your degree or you need to commute due to outside obligations.  Not a good place if you want prestige or a social life.  I will be transferring.
So beautiful! and easy to reach and navigate
There are 3 schools on the campus (MSU, CU and CCD) which provides a great diversity here. The library has great resources available in person or via online. Access to Academic Search Premier Plus is fantastic for research papers. The clubs and groups are active and very welcoming. The Honors housegroup is VERY supportive and a GREAT resource.
It's not the greatest campus around, but it's alright. The parking situation is a little expensive, and there's not many amenities besides a coffee house on campus and a few fast food restaurants in the student center. If you're new to the campus, it's not the easiest to nav, but it gets better. More importantly, the education I received is great.
recognized engineering school, no social relation students are not so friendly, Academic level for school is high professional professors, clean and secure facility except the restroom which need to be cleaned with minor fixation. Overall I am satisfy and I feel and I am not losing my time, just keep follow up and do your homework.
Lots of on campus activities and happenings during the semester!
I'm going to miss this place,  they really reach out to everyone and "university" or "commuter school" or whatever you want to call it,  they will give you more than you put in,  as long as you PUT IN!
Beautiful campus. Great professors. Near the mountains. Cheap.
its a unsafe campus, its hard to find any groups around for you
its a unsafe campus, its hard to find any groups around for you or that you can be a part of.
A good place with a lot of opportunities.
While the University has a great location and amazing price, the library is consistently full of homeless people and the internet is horrible in most every building.
I love it here!
I love MSU! Great campus, wonderful and helpful professors.
This campus is right in the heart of Denver so the city makes the school!  It  is a commuter campus but there are some private student housing locations you can live in if you are looking for a dorm like living and social atmosphere but socially it is what you make of it.
pros: -taco bell on campus -lgbt center is very good and the staff are excellent and considerate -cs and math department are great cons: -physics department is completely and utterly terrible. teachers poorly organized assign you books not in the store -preachers on campus annoying -most students esp boys act like theyre in high school
Mishmash of teachers, could have different type of cafeteria, commuting uni, but accredited.
Please go to a different college or university. The teachers are horrible and so are the students working the offices. Constant problems every semester!
Don't expect anything close to a college life. People working a job or who have kids are best off going here
After hearing that choosing Metro was "settling" from high school counselors, I'm happy to say they're wrong. The student body is diverse in many ways which adds to in class discussions and overall experience, in terms of value. Quality professors, thus far. Happy to be attending MSU Denver.
Very diverse campus, so refreshing to see
A great school for part timers and students with kids and jobs. The atmosphere is non-traditional, with exceptional diversity. It is regionally accredited, which means that the degree is very real. The open admission standards mean that anyone who is ready to really try at college gets a chance, and success is up to them.  AFFORDABLE and REAL!
Since MSU Denver shares the campus, there seem to be more opportunities than other schools of similar size might have.  Being next to downtown Denver is plus, and there is a great view of the mountains.
I've met a ton of hard working, intelligent people. The instructors are very knowledgeable and the classes are small. I couldn't ask for more.
Their financial aid department is a nightmare.  The teachers are awful.  Nutrition Deptment is a mess.
As far as reputation goes, I am a Recration Major and MSUD is the only institution in the state of Colorado that is accredited by the National Parks and Recreation Association. MSUD is a go to state for Colorado employers.  There are amazing resources available to students and staff.  I love love LOVE this campus!
I flubbed my first attempt through college pretty spectacularly. Metro gave me the opportunity for a second chance and I've loved every minute. As a student in my mid 20s I don't feel out of place at all. There are a ton of resources to ensure that you succeed and all of my professors have been great. It's an accredited school with a great price.
All food is just fast food, landscaping isn't kept up and the wifi disconnects every time you switch buildings. The tutoring center needs serious help. They don't cancel class for weather, but don't keep up on the sidewalk ice either! It's a hazard to go to class when it's snowing!
There is a lot of diversity here, which is cool. You meet a lot of people here. Don't be afraid to ask around for anything you need. Someone always knows things you don't. Food is mostly fast food, but it is cheap. The lightrail is super useful to get to and from campus. You get a bus/lightrail pass included in tuition.
Love this school, might not be the most classic school but my life is forever changed for the better. Math dept is great and the growing geology dept inspired me.
As a 30 year old, I'm thrilled that Metro offers so many online and weekend classes. They make it easy to fit my academic schedule around my work schedule. Having to pay for parking is annoying, but it's necessary when the lightrail and bus system aren't feasible. I've loved almost all of my professors. The campus is beautiful and easy to navigate.
Location is great, 2 light rail stops, downtown is within walking distance. If you know where to go, food selection is diverse (Biker Jim's hotdog stand ftw). Most students that attend MSU are here to learn, not to party or screw around, but to do something with their lives. That's the appeal, you get your degree and get a job, no fooling around.
affordable & great!
It is in a great location, they are still building additions to it so it is not a top notch campus yet. -2015
Great school!!!!
It's in the heart of Denver and you're just a short walk away from 16th street where there's lots of food choices and things to do in between classes. I enjoy where the buildings are located and it feels like a safe environment to be in. The library is my second home, as well as the Einstein's on campus.
Good place overall and its location is truly awesome.
The Reputation is that this is the cheap university to go to in Colorado. And they are right! I love the low cost, high quality education!  Unless you go downtown to eat, the food pretty much sucks, that is unless you get a hotdog from the griller outside the PE building ^_^! There is a variety, but of mainly unhealthy food.  The outside is dandy.
a great atmosphere
The Modern Language Department needs help. As a student, I tried raising awareness on something that is very important: Language students struggling so much and nothing being done about it. I expect my professors to listen to me and take what I'm saying seriously, but they won't acknowledge it. I'm sorry for the students. The expectations are low.
Great School overall!!
Mid 20's- Missed out on the "true college experience." This does the job though, and feels slightly more "College" than the community colleges I had looked into. Food selection is terrible, I wish they had a Panera! Desks are mostly small and packed tight, slightly uncomfortable. Parking is very stressful. I wish they had better parking options.
Very happy with this school.  The teachers in the biology department are awesome.  Internet connection is terrible though.
This place was recommended to me for being "veteran" friendly but it has been anything but. The Veteran's student office is a joke and they either don't care or aren't trained very well. Professors are decent, classes are really easy. Not much of a college experience and plus parking is 4.50 per day. This place has a lot of work to do.
This school is pretty standard in all of those fields. The tuition is really affordable! The resources available are also great. There's lots of tutoring available, internships, and other opportunities. Overall morale on campus is good. One thing is that a degree from this university means a lot more in Colorado than other states.
Mediocre school, you get what you pay for. If you have the funds pick a different school.
Meh
Great location and for a nontraditional univerity it is great. I wish I had done the traditional university route though.
If you're going to school to learn and further yourself, this is a solid choice! If you want to party and have a ton of fun, go somewhere else. Social life is pretty lacking, but the professors and school are wonderful. Not to mention the pricing, it's nice graduating with 4x less than I would had I gone to CSU or CU.
No one here was of typical college age
Wish we got more respect as an institution! Good food, great professors, good location, nice brewery on campus.
It is a non-traditional campus, so if you are going back to school young or old you fit in fine. Parking is not an issue if you don't mind walking and it's Colorado, so you may have to walk in the cold once in awhile. If you don't want to find parking that's what their bus pass is for. They have healthy food,  but it's not in the food court!
Great School but they like to kill you on parking. Not to bad if you only go two days but everything is to get money. Sad to say this is the normal thing.
Easy to commute to on public transit. Definitely a school for people that work, not so good on the campus activities.
It's a great place to get your degree or finish credits but that's about it. There's hardly any social life here and parking is a disaster. There are some clubs and activities but they is not a lot of communication about them. As well, they say they accommodate non-traditional students but about 90% (or more) classes are offered between 9am-3pm.
After it turning into an official University, MSU really has stepped up it's game in all departments. Has top notch programs able to compete with other schools like CSU, and UNC. Great curriculums. Great teachers. Great campus.
This college is the best university on the planet.
Great reputation in the real world - I work in Alumni Relations, and our alumni are preferred because employers know that graduates here have been in highly diverse classrooms, with a mix of non-traditional and transfer students who are serious about their education. We are #1 in the state for transfer students!
Like every college, It has its ups and downs. But overall, I enjoy going to Metro and I believe it is a great university!
No thanks
Nice. Lots of programs for veterans.
Want diversity in age, race or languages? You got it. Interested in activism regarding women's rights, LGBT,  the environment, or violence awareness? You got it. Those of us who might have a strong central faith, and conservative convictions are in the minority, so as long as you are fine with that.... great experience, quality education.
Over all I would give the University a 4. It is a great campus located in downtown Denver. They have great teachers in the college of business.
I love this school. Commuting gets very old I will admit, but there are plenty of campus housing options. You really have to work to meet and make lasting connections with people because so many do go to school and go straight home. Great education I LOVE the Criminal Justice and Criminology program! Best in the state!!
This is typically a commuter school that is well regarded in terms of education. It has a wild selection of majors with some pretty great teachers. This is a University where people go to get their degree and dust their hands off. Because of this the social life tends to fall flat compared to CU Boulder but it is very much still alive here.
The location is great and there are many programs and services on campus to help students succeed.
MSU is over all a good campus and I enjoy coming to school here.
Metro is great for a lot of things. It deserves more respect than it gets and we kind of feel that sometimes. Also, since it's a nontraditional campus we can't do a lot of thins that are normally part of the "college experience." But, I still love it here and I plan on getting my degree with a roadrunner on it.
The campus is centrally located in Denver, close to a lot of activities, however, due to this fact parking can sometimes be hard to find if you're not attending classes early in the morning and can get expensive too. I would recommend using public transportation whenever possible.
The best school for undergraduate students in Colorado. The professors are high quality and the school has a lot of hidden opportunities if you're so inclined.
i really like this place. the classrooms are nice, mostly all my teachers have been very good to me. its a very relaxed, go at your own pace kind of college. honestly amazing for me.  i love the location of denver but the parking is extremely expensive and hard to find. and my really only other complaint is i want more healthy food options :(
MSU is fine. The locals enjoy sending their kids who are indifferent about college.  It has a big community college feel.
It's actually a great school, I highly recommend coming here.
Metro is a really good school. Despite being considered constantly the option school it has actually provided me with overall a great college experience. The teachers are good and so are the classes. These classes arent all easy A's either. If you're looking for a school that is cheap and good value this is the school.
The school is a great choice for saving money, but beware that you get what you pay for. I have had some of the least qualified/intelligent professors at this school as well as some great ones. Sadly the bad ones are the main reason for my low scores and the facilities could use some updating.
If you fit into this schools cookie cutter model of education you will do fine. However, if you are a unique individual get ready for a nightmare.
Amazing education program
Great school! Teachers are great! No student clubs though.
You can get a good education here for a very competitive price, but don't go by the university's overall reputation. Evaluate the program you are interested in. You'll find the reputation that matters most is in the business community you seek to enter. That can vary widely, so look for reliable sources of information and don't rely on just one.
I am a Native here in Denver Colorado and coming to this school has provided me with many opportunities. It is a beautiful campus with lots of daily services to fit all students needs. I have found most faculty to always be at their best and want what is best for students and always willing to help. Affordable and located in the Center of Downtown.
I love everything this school stands for, really gives all people a chance at an education. Great professors. Great opportunities because it's in the center of a great city.
Has one of the lowest graduation rates in the country & there's good reason. I would never recommend this university. Good luck finding support, making friends, finding parking, feeling a sense of community, the list goes on.
Wow.I have never met professors that are this lazy and unhelpful in my life. It's actually pretty impressive that they get a salary for doing so little. I would STRONGLY suggest not attending this Uni. One of the lowest graduation rates in the country (for good reason). Good luck finding support or help- it won't happen. I really regret attending.
This is not your run of the mill typical frat house college. This is an affordable option for almost any major. It's filled with kids/adults paying for their own college, working to support themselves and/or are going back to college. Anyone who says differently had unrealistic expectations. You can find help if you look for it. Tutoring etc avail.
Affordable, central, and with a lot of options for the student looking to complete a Bachelors or general studies in pretty much any major you might desire. Also, there's a great Hotel/Hospitality program and a pretty quality and historical brewery on campus.
Everything is hard to find: If you can find friends they're great- if you can find where the good food is, it's good, but it's all a hunt.
It's a commuter school even if you live in student housing. There is no real place to hang out with any decent internet. The quad is on the corner of campus close to zero classrooms. Clubs and Greek life are practically non existent
I really love the amount of resources you have availability to. Staff always helpful and lots of genuine students.
The police on campus are extremely interactive and the denver police and fire are extremely close as well. Theres an over all aura of goodness in the air but its hard to meet friends and have a social life on campus, though I've seen a lot of groups of friends I'm sure its possible. Clubs are non existent. Lots of places to eat plus food options.
MSU Denver is an okay school, it lives up to its poor reputation. The aviation department is awful. No one knows what is going on, and the department chair does absolutely nothing about it. The department use to be good at one point, but is going downhill fast. The student success building is the worst!. I would not recommend this university.
Great school for Veterans. I recommend to get into the system. Work where big programs are located. SASC is great!!! SSS Phenomenal!!!!!
Someone please help this university, it is flat out terrible. This is not a university, its a community college. No one knows anything if you need help. When someone does not know an answer, they start to make things up. The classes are a big waste of money.  Stay away from the business department.
This school has a good reputation for its teaching department. The department is still working out kinks though.
Hard to get involved if you aren't an extrovert
Average in most areas. Good: price point is solid considering other options, staff is by and large decent at what they do, there are hidden gems in faculty. Bad: no on campus housing so social life is almost nonexistent.  Recommendation: Great for vets or those wanting to get in, graduate, and get out. Would NEVER recommend to freshmen out of HS.
The cost is a plus but doesn't allow the school to have the best tools for teaching. However the staff seems more willing to take meetings and work with you on a more personal basis then schools with larger student bodies. Not the best for those who like to socialize but it can be accomplished. The school has made a lot of progress over the years
I transferred here two years ago and that was an easy process. I'll graduate next spring. Overall, my experience here has been good.  Pros: tuition is reasonably priced, science building is nice, some extremely great professors, location is convenient. Cons: no social life on campus, expensive to park/commute, can be sketchy to walk around downtown
The Aviation Management curriculum is flawed. They force you to take useless space classes that no one wants to take. The aviation department chair is extremely lazy to a point where he does not teach anything, and does nothing. He sits in his office the whole day. Horrible department chair, flawed curriculum programs. Stay away
It's currently my second year attending this school. I'm a transfer student and I absolutely love it here! It's pretty hard to make friends due to age/work differences and therefore I haven't really made friends via that way.  The professors are great and understanding of your outside life. I am pre-nursing and would suggest this school to peers!
The university is great, but the business department needs some serious help. They hire a lot of junk professor's. They really need a change in leadership, especially for the management side. I would look for another major other than management if you want to do business. Everything else is great at the university! I would recommend it!
The school seems to put all its money into the landscape and has even rented off space to contractors to help cover the cost. The teachers openly speak of how underpaid they are and the campus security is understaffed or nonexistent. I have been haggled by beggars midday and arm myself at night because the homeless know to target the school.
Very disappointed with the Aviation department. I transferred in from a community college and was set to enroll in the Aviation management program. I had about 60 credits and for almost two years I pursued this degree. I began to notice that the classes I needed were not available and and I ended up having to get a individualized degree due to this
This is basically a glorified community college. It's a commuter school, and mostly people show up, go to class, and go home, so the opportunity for making friends is slim. Your food options are very limited, but the downtown location is really cool! Not the worst school ever, but don't expect to get the *college experience* here.
Do come here for a good education, don't come here if you're looking for the, "college experience".
My basic take on Metro 1/3 through my degree as an xfer student: Generally above-average to excellent instructors operating under third-rate curricula, all made listless under the weight of clueless administrators unfamiliar with the catalog, published policies, and requirements. Convenient, decent for the money, reasonably friendly environment.
A great commuter school that has a solid location right next to downtown Denver. What this school lacks in the food, networking, and clubs/social scene categories on campus when it is partnered in with the near downtown location it really boosts these categories due to the number of restaurants, nightlife, and general networking center Denver is
Good school
Metro as a whole is a very underrated school. However, the education is amazing and the professors actually care and can help individually. You can't beat the price tag, but you have to work a bit harder to meet people.
While the saying "You get what you pay for!" is something I don't find applicable to everything, it certainly applies to this lacking and upgraded community college.
A lot of homeless people around and quite a bit of crime. Very expensive parking... This is downtown Denver, I guess it should be expected!
The school is good and the instructors get to know the students better because the classes are small. The only thing about this school is the parking. The price keeps going up every year.
Be careful always! Many times walking threw campus at night and had to walk the other direction due to sketchy men walking my direction. Campus life equals zero. Most of my classes had people in them so high or so drunk they couldn't stand up. Professors don't care about the students. Advisers will tell you that you should quit. STAY AWAY!!!!!!!!
There is definitely some room to improve for this school (internet is terrible) but the one area that was amazing was my teachers. Sure there were a few bad ones here and there but most my teachers went out of my way for me. There are internships that helped me to get into graduate school because of the amazing teachers.
