Love this campus! You only really get to meet people if you join a club, its a commuter campus so everyone just comes for class and then leaves. Our food is horrible. Like, really bad.
MSU Denver provides a lot of opportunities for students. Classes are meant to be challenging to a point. This is not a place that you can think as long as youre enrolled youre going to pass. Put the effort in to get what you want.
This is largely a commuter school so the social aspect of this campus SUCK.
Terrible internet, no social aspects, and a mediocre campus. Most of the buildings are ugly 1980's blocks. This doesn't feel like a real college at all. Downtown location is good and professors are generally good, so MSU does have that going for it. If you are looking for a real college experience look elsewhere. And the wifi SUCKS!!
The cons of this upgraded community college far outweigh those of any remote redeemable qualities. Absolutely save your money and pursue another university if you have a choice. Unprofessional advisors, terrible instructors, commuter campus void of any social aspects, nasty restrooms, slow WiFI, overpriced parking and food. The list goes on.
Spent 4 years here already. Wish I had transferred to somewhere like CU, UCD, or CSU my junior year. Advisors are demotivating and look/act like they hate their jobs. CIS department is an absolute disaster. The 10-years here are super lazy. Didnt have a single 10-year that acted professional and I could learn from. You get what you pay for I guess.
Some of the buildings are old and not the best, but that's to be expected since the tuition is amazing and low. I didn't particularly like the online classes, they just weren't for me. The professors (after gen ed classes) give you personal attention and are open to talking. Nice areas to hang outside when the weather is nice. Good location.
Love this school.
It's very cheap, so that's good, but you get what you pay for. I had to switch from a concentration I kind of enjoyed to one that I hate simply because after 3 semesters, the courses I need to take to graduate have never been offered. Good luck using the wifi, it's terrible. Classroom technology is useless too.
Love this school
I enjoy this campus. Metro has a diverse community. Everyone I have met here is very kind. Nothing on this campus is amazing but school is school.
Truly love this school. Great location, small-large class sizes, overall great professors, and many opportunities available for all students.
MSU is a great school despite what others may say
There's not that many great professors for Computer Science, and I wish there were clubs or something that I could join. Overall the school is okay, the community is at least diverse and the majority is pretty friendly. Could be better but worth what you pay for.
MSU Denver is not your traditional campus. However, it is perfect for those who still want life outside of a university. It is nearly in the center of the city and has a ton of historical charm. It's walking distance to many delicious food options and there is access to several public transportation lines.
I enjoy this campus for the most part. I transfered from CCD to Metro and I actullay like Metro a lot more. The Wifi is pretty awful! The food gets a lot of complaints, but I'm not picky and like it for the most part. Overall I've had a good experience. Luckily I live in downtown, if not I don't think I would have made any new friends just here.
Hard to meet new people
Awesome university
I love this school! There are so many opportunities for your field you just have to go out and find them. The people are very welcoming and helpful.
Good school, but not somewhere you go to get "the college experience" Most people have jobs and other commitments, not really looking to socialize.
Its a great campus hands down! So much diversity and everyone on campus is super friendly. I would recommend this campus to anyone! Also small class sizes which give you opportunity to talk with your professors and your professors actually know who you are!
The aviation department needs some serious help. The department chair does not show up to graduation! He is not involved with students, which leads into his poor reputation with students. I am glad I graduated since the department is really struggling. Everything else was good
Internet is often limited or quick to disconnect, computer rooms often seem overcrowded everywhere on campus, often supplies aren't available. I often feel like I'm going to a diploma factory rather than a place to actually become better educated.
Right in the heart of downtown Denver. Campus is shared by MSU, CU Denver, and CCD. Lots to do, great view, places to eat, study, rest, and more. Everything is clean and I feel safe here. Easy to get around. Definitely love this school.
The education department is a joke at this school. They should truly be embarrassed by their lack of preparation and organization. They are constantly changing their department heads and it screws with our programs very often. Getting placements for student teaching is an absolute joke and they should just ask the students to find their own.
its good
The location of this campus is prime, with option to drive to school or take the light rail which stops on campus. With about 10-15 minute walking distance from downtown 16th street and close proximity to both stadiums. Food on campus isn't the best but we are located to so many options its great.
You've got to pay attention and get good advice to get a good education at this school. But it's available (in Business/Accounting/Finance anyway. Bring your relationship skills.
Great campus. I've had some bad teachers but most have been great. The library is amazing, good location in the middle of everything you need to get to if you're downtown, and the outside-feel of the place is great as well as giving you exercise just walking around to classes. There are usually kids laying in the grass and reading, it's a good feel
Great Campus!
Nice campus, great location. A lot of school activities, but if you dont that type of thing there is plenty to do in Denver. MSU has great connections, if you utilize them you have a great chance to get your foot in the door. As an accounting major, I felt that my teachers cared and were knowledgeable.
Man idk how the internet is STILL so bad. like for god's sake fix it, we literally have to use the computers to do homework. It's even worse than when I first started in 2013. The social is what you would expect, people come and leave, which isn't a bad thing, it keeps you focused on the work instead of chit chat.
If one wants a career right out of college, at an affordable cost, this is the school to attend. Small class sizes, but definitely not easy (for the most part), you have to work for your degree. A big plus, VERY VETERAN FRIENDLY!
Love it
Campus is nice but getting any help from financial aid department as well as my advisor was a drag!
I transferred from CU Boulder to Metro and regret it. It's a commuter campus so it's pretty hard to make friends. The campus itself is pretty nice given that it's in the center of Denver. However, this means that traffic is terrible and there are often strange people on campus. The AVS curriculum is a joke and provides little career opportunity.
Nice campus for students working in downtown Denver, easy to access. Inner city type feel with many transients that linger at the train stations and a campus that could use some updating. Be prepared to work for your degree. Class sizes are small which is a plus.
I love this school! Great location, it's very easy to make friends, and they have an amazing study abroad program.
The campus is a fantastic location and despite the issues MSU had while transitioning to a university it is a great school. Most of the professors are great, and while most of the buildings are old, the campus feels like it has history. The Tivoli is one of the best parts of campus: lots of study areas, restaurants, etc.
It seems to be a hit or miss for professors. Sometimes you win a good one, sometimes you lose hard with a terrible one.
Bad student staff. Overpriced and horrible food. Caring professors. Not safe at night. Not a lot of interesting clubs to join Bad WiFi. Great location. Inexpensive classes. Not a lot of social events. Good connections with potential employers. Interesting events. Old facilities. Awesome library. Homeless on campus. Not many team sports to join.
The student success building is a joke because the students don't know what they are doing. A lot of the professor's are awful because this school hires anybody they can find. If you are looking for a university, don't go here. The school claims to be growing, yet they struggle internally. I wonder why students leave after a year or two
Its aight, its cool, sick view of the dtown
I absolutely love Metro! I love the class sizes and I am never feeling too overwhelmed by the campus, class work, activities and social events. Plus going here I won't be in debt for the rest of my life so that's nice too
This campus is shared by three schools and is located a few minutes walk from 16th street in downtown Denver. It is mostly a commuter school with no on campus housing, and little near campus student housing. Some amazing professors, some horrible, just like every school. Train is easy to take, good food in the library and cafes. Lots of solicitors.
Very liberal campus in bad way
I really like it here. It's a big campus, great classes, and pretty decent people
There is plenty of opportunity at Metro if you are willing to stick around campus for a few extra minutes. Students in classes have been friendly, professors in the college of business have been good. No complaints here other than the WIFI in Tivioli is just tough... Overall I have had a great experience and value for the money.
As a mother who has had to "go back to school" several times, I've been able to check out a few different colleges in CO. MSU is ABSOLUTELY MY FAVORITE COLLEGE that I've ever attended. I am unbelievably pleased with my English & Film professors & the high quality lessons that they teach! So grateful that my degree will say MSU! Do this for you!!!
In the heart of the city with the resources, contacts, and connections to wherever you may want to go, with professors involved in their profession, so lessons are up to date with the times. Multiple job fairs, even the gov agencies stop by. The most affordable, but no housing provided and expensive parking, but the lite rail has two stops there
Dirty campus! Watch were you step and keep your head up or carry a weapon so you wont get mugged.
Internet wifi is terrible! Facilities: bathrooms always smell terrible, toilets dirty, coat hooks & locks broken; library tables are never clean; automatic accessibility often don't work; sidewalks broken & hazardous! Conversely, most professors are amazing and make it worth being here.
After almost 2 yrs here and transfr'g over to MSU from CCD, I am astounded at how utterly and thoroughly terrible the school's access learning and interaction software tool is. It is called "Blackboard" and is anything but intuitive. All professors (who use it anyway) post differently, one can't determine what you have or have not downloaded. Awfu
This school is not bad but once you get into your major it gets better and its more outgoing also being in the city is fun!
Getting out of here as fast as I can. Awful college, awful campus, awful professors . Everything is just awful. Even for the low price its not worth it. Do yourself a favor and stay far away.
The student is not allowed to give opinion to professor, and if they do will be expelled from college for two semester. MSU doesn't do anything with student complaints and the president is illegally stealing money from students, professors yell racist remarks all the time. Police say they arrests professors for a lot of criminal activity downtown.
I like Metro a lot. It's especially great if you're a transfer student, they make the transition very smooth and it's definitely a breath of fresh air.
I love MSU Denver, the professors I've had so far are so nice & the staff & faculties are pretty helpful in helping you reach your goals.
MSU Denver is very welcoming to new and transfer students. They made my transition from high school to college very easy. Most of the professors really want students to succeed, and the staff & faculty are very helpful in assisting students to reach their goals. Amazing campus but the wifi is very weak, especially during lunch on weekdays.
My time at MSU has been good n bad. Some Awesome teachers and some unreal awful! I am disappointed in facilities n internet condition, Apple Safari & browser INcapabilities, along w the countless hoops good students have to jump thru to get finan help, or scholarships, etc. n NOT be in debt forever! Degree progs need to be reevaluated for accuracy.
They say they serve diverse students, but I tried to get on the track team and I was discriminated by my AGE, when NCAA Division II rules do not have an age cap. Wrote a letter to the president of the school and the athletic director addressing this issue and no one reached out. This school is quite unorganized and seems unprofessional at times.
I'm completely amazed with how many opportunities there are here, if you take initiative. The psychology department is amazing, the professors are extremely knowledgeable, great at teaching, and have done or are doing important research. The undergraduate research program is huge. The Honors Program can open up lots of doors.
As a transfer student, I've seen a bit of everything, and Metro is wonderful! The professor care for their students; I feel encouraged and comfortable asking questions. The professors greatly appreciate when you drop in for office hours; they want students to utilize that time. I've made great connections with my professors. They are the best!
Professors are great!
The campus was alright. There is a lot of people around campus and homeless people hangout on campus as well.
Their version of Blackboard ( IT tool for online access to both in-person and online class) is the absolute worst! Extremely ineffective, and close to worthless! Every Prof. uses it differently-or not at all-and many things are missed. Prof's usage uniformity requirement couldn't hurt! The WiFi is utterly terrible!
Like any, this institution has both good and bad things going for it. However, of particular exasperation and aggravation is MSU's incompetence when it comes to matters of Financial Aid and the Registrar's Office functions. They are understaffed and many of those who are left are inept and unqualified to give out accurate solutions and/or advice.
The campus has a lot of resources, it also it fairly big so there are many computer labs and different areas to study. The location of the campus is not so great it is right in the middle of downtown on Colfax so anyone is able to walk right through it. However there is always something different things going on on the campus which is my favorite.
Having transferred in from another school. MSU Denver is great and has a lot of opportunities for those who seek them out. There are organizations, the college of business always communicated opportunity to students, the care/concern of professors was very high. Great school and enjoyed my time at MSU Denver.
Not enough space to explain how much I regret going to MSU. I've had to fight multiple departments who couldn't file paperwork properly, the school will not advocate for you in any way. Driving barriers meant to keep students safe turned "police" response time from 30secs to over 5 minutes. Incompetent staff, HUGE waste of time and money.
This school is garbage. Coming from Technical schools and Community colleges this school is not worth it. I'd recommend as I am doing now, transfer to CU Denver or CU Boulder.
It's a university in the middle of downtown Denver. Food is good, people are nice, and most facilities are well maintained.
going to school in downtown Denver is the coolest thing ever, but because its downtown Denver, it is a little sketchy, so just make sure you're being careful.
School is school. If you want to come to college to party and drink like in the movies, go dropout and work at McDonald's you bum. This university is clean, safe, and beautiful. All faculty and advisers are very kind and caring for their students.
Its not terrible but its also not incredible. As long as you work hard you'll get a good education. The overall student body is older so less of a social school and more of get in and get out. Great for the expense but you do miss out on college experience if you go here in the late teens early 20's right out of Highschool.
I have to pay only 50 bucks a month for my student debt, which is quite insignificant for the wage I have. If you are a CS major, the location is great for MeetUps because it's next to the Pivotal office, Comcast Viper, and other places for their tech talks. They got a new ramen place recently, which is a Godsend.
It is an affordable university. I would say not much special about it but there is a brewery and many food options located on campus. I only hope they offer more classes, as it is hard to find classes that work with my job schedule because they only offer at minimum, one of each class to 3 or 4, depending on specificity.
Metro is a great school if you need something affordable and close to home. MSU offers smaller class sizes which provides you with more one-on-one time with professors who actually care about how you do in their class. Lots of free academic resources that are available to you at any time and plenty of very friendly people who all want to succeed.
Metro is primarily a commuter school, which is perfect for non-traditional students who work full-time and go to school full-time. I wish I would have started my undergrad career at Metro, because it is by-far the best school I've been to! As a psychology major, you're networking with working professionals. It's a luxury that other schools lack!
I really like this school, however, my only real complaint is the Financial Aid department. Because, they don't give you accurate responses/advice and sometimes even dismiss your problems. As a result, you end up struggling to find a solution. Also, the department neglects to process student loans and paperwork within a timely manner. It's a drag.
Classes were fine, and the school was decent.
I think the one drawback is you don't get a very big community vibe and you don't really feel a ton of school pride. I think the fact that the campus is shared with 2 other schools its a 100% commuter campus is the cause of this lack of community. Are there even sports games here??
This is the type of school you go to when you don't care about being social and you want a good chance at graduating. There's no room to mess around and fail. There are social events if you look for them and they're pretty fun when you make an effort to go. If you aren't sure about college, go here, it's very doable and they help you out! I like it
MSU is in an excellent location and has a great campus, insightful professors (especially in the criminal justice department), and good networking opportunities. Making friends here can be hard if you don't try but I made several new friends my senior year! My only complaint is that wifi is bad there. I genuinely loved my time at MSU!
Plenty of programs for a good price
Great location and programs. Most of my teachers have been great and the counselors are too. Counselors are super helpful and set you up for success, they have a ton of study abroad options, there is a good vibe on campus and generally all the students are happy. Since it's a commuting school its harder to form long-lasting friendships though.
It's a great school.
MSU Denver has changed my life! I started as a first generation freshman, not knowing how college worked and everyone at Metro has guided me through the process. I love this school because it has helped me reach my dreams and create a promising future.
It's a good school and I learned a lot in my degree field. Though I had a rough time when I had to switch to taking classes online. I enjoyed the in person classes and made friends very easily on campus.
Right in the heart of downtown Denver. Great instructors and assistant/associate professors considering how the tuition is comparably very low. There are many opportunities for scholarships, internships, work-study, networking, and potential post-graduation employment. The chemistry professors were excellent as of 2017.
Love the school but make sure to check each instructor specifically, because many are amazing, best professors ever, and some should not be teaching at all.
Metropolitan State University of Denver is ideal for students that want to save money or are looking to transfer to a different university down the road. To be completely honest MSU Devner is mediocre in all aspects but it is what you make of it. I would not recommend this school to anyone that wants a legitimate college experience.
MSU is an outstanding university! This is a no nonsense school. It's a school for the serious minded student! The professors care about the students success. The opportunities are endless, the cost of the school is reasonable. Look no further, become a Roadrunner!
