The College of Business is really good. The teachers actually care about you and will do whatever it takes to help you succeed. The campus is undergoing massive reconstruction which will enhance the campus atmosphere. But, the campus is located in a pretty bad part of town, but LUPD do a good job to keep campus relatively safe. Overall a good place
Overall its a nice place to live and study good professors, OK food, just be ready for humid weather.
Lamar is pretty okay now. However, there is a vision for improvement. I have hope that in about ten years down the line: Lamar will be a top university in Texas and eventually the nation.
Lamar's Nursing and Engineering programs are great. Most of the professors care about their students and you are likely to find a club to join. The food is also above average. Lamar does have problems due to where it is located. It is in a bad part of the city and it is also right next to an oil refinery so the air always stinks.
Lamar University is on its way to success. Right now it pretty much sucks because of the construction, horrible food, and bad dorm conditions. It does not help either that the employees here do not actually want to work. This campus will be better soon, but for right now I would not recommend coming here unless you want a cheap college experience.
Lamar is a great place if your looking for a cheap univerity to attend. A lot of people give Lamar a bad reputaion because of the overall location and dormant social life. However, despite the weird neighborhood it is in, and lack of social life, Lamar is statistically a safe campus. This is due to most of the student population living off-campus.
eh. ok
The Library, the Student Center, and the quad are all under construction, with the Library getting a Starbucks put into it. There is no noise from the work in the Library, so its a quiet place if you need to study.
It's not a college town/city so don't look for too much entertainment here, but it is a good school to get your education. The school does look to get money out of you at all cost. So be careful. The food is below average.
