My mother has worked here for longer than I've been alive, and I've been looking forward to coming here for YEARS. There are some problem areas in the neighborhood next to the school, but the school itself is perfectly safe. Best of all, they've got the most understanding police department I've ever sen.
I've been here since 2012, and when I first came here it was a very welcoming community with aspiring students striving to better themselves. Now in days it full of high school minded folks who rather put you down to make themselves feel better. I would say that Lamar University is a bucket full of crabs, but there are a few good chill people.
I have never had trouble signing up for the right classes, with adviser help, financial aid took 2 months to process application, bookstore had none of the books needed for courses, and teaching staff has not given clear instructions for any assignment or rely on a pre-made course by book publishers. Do not understand why there is a professors.
It's what you paid for. A modest campus at a modest price. The new setzer center is nice, but everything else reminds me of a high school. The professors are really what make the campus more special. If you like squirrels then you'll enjoy being outside
Lamar is typically a university you go to if you live in the surrounding cities. It's no Harvard or Yale that people aspire to attend. There's also not much social life, it's a good place to get your degree, but not ifor your looking to have the "TV college experience "...
Awesome University
I'm just here taking summer classes, but dang, its really gross..
A bad part of town, but the campus is well patrolled by campus police
The dining hall food is probably the worst food, you will eat. The only time they put effort is, when they have visitors arrive that are touring the school.
it rains all of the time
Very nice and upcoming campus. Lots of new stuff and still more to come!
Coming from an upper-middle class suburban background, the student culture here is a double-edged sword. On one hand Lamar offers great exposure to other types of people. On the other hand it is hard to find people I connect with intellectually. However, I came here on a scholarship, as do many students, so it is definitely worth it!
There are many opportunities for students to succeed.
Lots of construction, little places to park. Across the street from the dangerous part of Beaumont. Several of the buildings are sub-par at most.
LOVE LOVE LOVE this school. Wish they had better attendance at sporting events because the teams are actually really good! Would recommend this to anyone wanting a smaller campus!
The area is awful but the education is cool
It's your typical Southeast Texas yee-yee school.
I went to this school, and left in 2017 because I moved to a new city. It was an okay school. Most of the professors were nice, I liked the classrooms, and the school was nice and neat, but the location was awful. The campus is placed in between a refinery and a bad neighborhood where its residents would commit crimes on campus!
The professors care about your success and the campus is great.
I enjoyed attending this university.
What the school lacks in name recognition it makes up for in quality of eduction and professors. The faculty want you to succeed and are willing to do what they can to help. I went into this school not knowing what to expect but now that i am about to graduate I look back on my time with nostalgia and go forward with an immense sense of pride.
I love the campus, and the professors and staff are wonderful.
I love Lamar University. A lot of remodeling and updating has been done. It is becoming a really beautiful campus and it is still growing.
Not a widely known school but it competes with highly reputable schools in many areas. Even though its location that great, the campus is beautiful and many building are being remodeled and news are being built regularly. Not a ton of food options on campus but they are good. Most of the professors are awesome and some are fairly renowned.
Need to be supportive to student for choosing their subjects independently. Otherwise all the things are great here..
Great school overall!
Pretty decent school. Gorgeous layout compared to other universities. The surprising thing was the faculty. I haven't had a professor that hasn't tried to help me in every way possible yet. Im a transfer student and my previous profs would make you buy their book from the store or you'd be failed. Here, they work with you to help you succeed.
I love this place
Go somewhere else
its fun if you get out your dorm and participate in events because its something going on literally everyday
Small campus with lots of involvement. Short walks to class and really good professors
If you're not in any clubs or organizations there is really nothing to do. It's a nice beginner campus if you're coming in as a recent high school graduate. It's not too overwhelming. Could be better if there were things to do.
Im a freshman and dont know a lot and dont have a lot to compare my experiences to yet but so far is good
I honestly expected more from the university. It needs a complete makeover and a few more things need to be updated. There are some friendly people here, lots of orgs to join, and have decent professors.
Overall a fantastic school. The Criminal Justice program was great...I got a job as a State Trooper straight out of there and am currently a police officer. The bachelors degree I earned here prepared me well.
I love it here at Lamar!!! It's always a new event everyday so there is now way anyone can be bored. Greek Life is amazing and always hosting fun events for students. Food is amazing especially the chick-fil-a.
Overall good school. I have taken online and in person classes, they are very organized.
Most people who go to this school live around it and commute, so if you're not from the area, you may feel like an outsider. There are plenty of clubs, organizations, and sports to be a part of to keep you busy. Lamar may not be like other D1 schools, but it's what you make of it. The people there are genuine and the friendships are forever.
You will make friends if you are a social person. If you are not, you might still make friends if you attend little events. I like that they do have those events because its something fun to do and its a good way to socialize. Your social life is going to be what you make it. The people here are alright. There's a CFA, Jason's Deli and Panda Expres
The thing about Lamar is it's great if you're on scholarship, in dorms, or engineering. If you're not most students are typically in without a clue forever. The science & language buildings are filled with mold and under funded. The professors are kind, STARS & rec is a plus, advising is garbage and the remodeling plan only helps brochures.
There are some buildings that are older but others that are more modern, which worked for me because I like to have a bit of history. There are most def opportunities for you to get plugged in, legit just go to any meeting with an open mind. The students and most of the staff were great. MAKE SURE YOU DONT GET GENTRY(freshmen) HALL. teachers are ok
Great Campus full of Great people. The Undergraduate advising center is horrible, and required. There are also a lot of "teachers" that only care to teach about race and I feel some of their curriculum really promotes division as almost every class I have taken is about Slavery and Racism.
