The departments (advising, TSI, etc.) are horrible!
Great small campus for students who aren't ready for a major change. Professors here go out of their way to really help you. It's fun if you're involved on campus! BTX is alright, definitely visit HTX though. People who complain about the UAC are the same people who wait right until the deadlines so if you're on top of that you're good.
School cares more about money than educating their students.
This is my second year here and I dont see much of a change. The dorms need a SERIOUS makeover, theres only four places to eat at besides the dining hall, and the WIFI FREAKING SUCKS!! However, theres a variety of orgs and clubs. Sport teams are meh. Personally its still a solid 5.5 out of 10 for me.
Way too expensive all around for the lack of decent facilities.
It's in a seedy part of Beaumont, but the school itself is not bad. The streets right across from the school are considered the "hood". The social life is constantly trying to engage students to participate, so there's plenty of opportunities. The food on campus is what you make of it. Several restaurants and convenience stores along with dining.
I loved my time at Lamar University. The communications department heavily encouraged getting involved and any club I went to let me join. The wifi was always great fro me. There is a store across from the campus, Kampus Korner I believe, that sells AMAZING food if you ever get tired os Setzer Center food. The professors are also very caring!
Lamar is great and provides a lot of local job opportunities for grads
Its a great school for engineering or nursing.
This is a school that lacks any reputation on the area outside of degrees related to nursing and those that can be used at the local refineries. So many fees. Doing four classes online? Well your tuition will be 2.5 grand but your due amount will be 4.5 grand because there is 2 grand worth of fees for four classes. Rip off of astronomical degree.
Graduating in May. Still not the safest, only the 'important' majors get nicer buildings. Dining hall food sucks, the restaurants get old after a while. Dorms need work, some have termites. Lots to do now, but during covid engagement was almost zero. Too many fees. Tuition for 1 ONLINE class was 1.1K somehow.
PLEASE PLEASE PLEASE GO SOMEWHERE ELSE BEFORE YOU'RE STUCK HERE. The tuition continues to rise with nothing of value to students being added. In 4 years the tuition has gone up by 40% (Through COVID). Food at the DHALL is never good and campus safety is a joke. In my sophomore year over a dozen students' vehicles were broken into on campus. Just NO
When they say there is a chance to get more involved, they are not lying. There is always a way to get involved on campus one way or another! The SET as been newly renovated in 2017 (I believe), which looks new and bright. Wish there were more student engagement in a visual appeal. Wish there were more food options other than Chickfila and Panda.
I earned my bachelor's from LU brick and mortar and am currently an online MBA student. Overall this is a solid school with excellent accreditation and a fantastic ROI. Admissions is fast and easy. Professors are overall fantastic and TA's are quite responsive. The faculty and admin will work with you to make sure you graduate on time.
