UAA has a lot of administrative problems. One of the biggest is their housing department. The Assistant director of housing is very gruff and rude. He struts around like a petty dictator and enjoys trying to push students around. If you decided to attended UAA find yourself some off campus housing and don't bother with living on campus.
UAA is the only option for many majors!  They keep raising tuition(every year) even though the dollar is worth less.                                         Poor customer service (slow) at Cuddy, However the head Chef/Manger is very friendly and does his best with in his limitations to make healthy food w/lots of options.
Absolutely wonderful school with a small pretty campus in Alaska.  Great teachers, first class all the way!  Excellent nursing program.
the nursing program has a 2 year wiat!
UAA has some of the best and the worst quality teaching out there. Be sure to check the ratings students give a teacher and take them seriously. I have never found a good teacher with bad ratings & a bad teacher without multiple bad ratings. Be careful & you can have a great experience here. Otherwise, it can be a nightmare.
They continually increase tuition, fees, books, & parking expenses, while decreasing the amount of parking available to students & continually changing editions of books. On book buy-back, they only give back a ridiculously small portion of what was paid. It's very frustrating. My husband & I both agree that our children will not be attending UAA.
Sad.  The faculty is the largest compilation of rejects nationwide. Most instructors are ta's and adjucunts that have primary jobs elsewhere that take priority over the students. The syllabus is a mandetory itenery that is often reprented with dates from prior years. The teachers cram the last few weeks onto the student because they fell behind.
its okay
Although I wish the food was better, I understand that the chefs cannot make their own recipes, but instead have to fallow a structured recipe from Sysco. I feel that parking is very horrible. If you do not have the first class of the day, good luck. Most of the teachers are okay, a few great ones, and a few bad ones. I wish things were closer.
Awesome, laid back, and everything's close. Its clean and everyone is respectful!
only one parking lot ever has space available.  One of very few choices in local universities, and they are aware of that so make no effort to improve quality.  often will have only one class option for a mandatory class, it is very hard to get into some of them.  The web site and class registration sites are terrible and help is impossible to get
80% of students transfer out of UAA. What does that tell you?
UAA is not the college to go to if your young and are looking for that "college experience". Unless your in a Greek....or involved in clubs or student government...its a very boring school. The Student Union is lame. The food selection is bad and its over priced. I really can't stand it...but I'm stuck with it.
Well, since I see alot of people complaining about the food...Maybe you could just walk across the street to the hospital and eat what they have there, which isnt bad and there is subway there too! Parking prices are terrible unless you buy a pass. Gym is small but nice. Free swimming if you are half time or over student.
Read the professor ratings, get recommendations & select carefully!!! Limited research opportunities & difficult to contact some professors.  IT service has been poor; a problem since classes use online resources more frequently.  Not a lot of healthy food choices on campus.  Admin staff is generally professional, courteous & helpful.
The instructors seem to be very good to just plain horrible. Research your proffessors carefully before you register. The food is overpriced and unhealthy. Tuition steadily rises and I barely hear about anyone getting the school based scholarships. I think that the chemistry and microbiology depts are poorly managed.
You pay in fees for items you rarely get to use whenever such as gym and others.  Otherwise not really into the school spirit and just showing for class nothing too bad about the school other than the ridiculous fees.
The good professors are awesome; the bad ones are horrible. Administration is awful. The parking situation sucks and the fees/prices are ridiculous. Recommend living off-campus to avoid the housing B.S. Not good for the "college experience." Library is good. Good choice if you want to show up to class, learn, and leave.
Great University with various US certified board degree programs. Many new buildings continuously added and expansions to various programs. Because of the long winter months, social life at dorms is quite low. Expect most of your time at home or at class. Overpriced food options and no grocery stores nearby. Great school for the price.
We have moose and bears on campus!
The anchorage chemistry dep sucks. The microbiology 240 lab has a high turn over rate. Research your professors carefully. UAA is loaded with bad ones and a few good. The parking is a nightmare. Safety is questionable here. There always is someone beging mugged or worse through the year. I don't feel safe walking to my car at night or early morning
Best thing about it - Many class options in most cases with cross department courses, online classes and there's a lot of student clubs and activities. Worst thing about it - UAA's situated in the U-Med district. It shares about two blocks with 2 hospitals, another university (APU), and a juvenile detention center. I.e.: Traffic is a nightmare.
crime is kind of high
I went to UAF for two years before going to UAA, and I wished that I stayed. This school needs a lot of changes from admin staff (university center), teachers, food, apartments/dorms need to renovated, parking, and internet. Don't get me wrong UAF has problems too, but I felt like I was learning instead of being pushed along to get a check.
Small campus with a community college mentality.  Most people go to class then go home/work immediately after.  Unless you live on campus, there's not much to entice you to stay.
It seems uaa just doesn't want to get better. Sure the new library and health sciences/integrated sciences buildings are nice, but there are few great professors. They are perfectly content the way they are. Housing is a joke, parking gets worse each year, our sports team still play in a place built for the community college ACC back in the 70's!
Its a good places to go, but if you move up here you have to make sure you have money for food and things you need for you room. And make sure you have warm clothes to wear for winter. You got to around to places, don't be shy to be here. Everyone seem to be shy, and that not good for you or many other who are trying to know you.
The classes are pretty small in size, except for GER Lectures, so that's pretty nice. Also the tiny cafe in Cuddy Hall serves the best coffee I've found in Alaska :)
I feel sorry for anyone who came to Alaska to go to school here. I feel bad for residents who have no other choice. UAA is looked upon by other schools as a community college. Lots of issues here ranging from lack of experienced/organized instructors, internet, parking... Poor quality school evident by the less than 9% grad rate within 4 years.
Parking needs to be better.... takes me 20 minutes to find parking.
It's spread-out, University Center is over a mile from campus.  Parking should be expanded.  It's has a spine of hallways to avoid the cold winter air.  The student population is small for a University but it's Alaska after all.
Honestly, I think this school is good to go to. considering the tuition raises, it is still a cheap school, and I feel I am getting my monies worth. It never takes me more than 5 minutes to find a parking spot, and I have chosen to get involved with a few UAA clubs. It's your choice about what you do here, if you do not like it, then don't go here.
It's an awesome college. There is always something to do. Good teachers, dorms, and food. We have a great shuttle system. Nothing to complain about.
Please understand that this school will provide you with a degree checkbox, that's about it.  The professors are more miss than hit and many of them seem to be unaware that UAA is not an Ivy League school.  Welcome to a prolonged High School education.
Cheap school. Cheap professors. Cheap wifi. Crappy education. I basically have to teach myself to succeed.
Needs more Greek Life, SAE is Awesome but the other fraternities on campus are non-existent. The Sororities are pretty cool but there is only two of them.
UAA is much cheaper then most Outside schools and living in Alaska is always a wonderful experience,
It's great
good state school
Good school but there is much room for improvement. Like much of Alaska, there is a tremendous lack of leadership that sets this place back. There's is so much potential at UAA, but it will take effective leaders to harness it.
awesome.
UAA has gotten a lot better in the years since I first attended, and I hope it continues to improve. It's probably now the best option for college if you want to stay in Alaska. There's lots of opportunities if you take advantage of them.
Some of the professors are really awful and don't care.  Be careful of Allied Health, market is flooded and the teachers know it.   OIT is better
UAA has the potential to improve in the future, but at the moment it's nothing more than an average city college. The school has no culture due to the tiny residential community and most student programs don't exist or are underfunded. The education is mediocre, overpriced and has a poor reputation. Avoid UAA unless you have a scholarship.
This school may have low graduate percentage, but that's because they accept wide range of people. Some of them is part-time, or full-time but have to transfer because UAA doesn't have the degree they wanted. What I'm trying to say is UAA is a great school, and some f the professor here are AWESOME!!!
This school does not stand by its policies & has a really high turnover rate with its professors. Good luck using your GI bill here. They seem to always find a way to make it so you owe them money, be it the lack of organization they have and the timeliness they file your paperwork. When your paperwork is late, you can't get your money to pay.
Great campus.  Is way better than the reputation that it has.
UAA's problem is that the professors are very hit and miss. I've never walked away from a class thinking "that professor is OK" they are either great or they are so terrible there should be warnings about taking classes w/ them. UAA I would say is improving, certainly at least the Justice program is, I would recommend UAA if you want to stay in Ak
Very excited for the new sports center and happy there's now Kaladi at the Social Science Building
I'm an art student here, and the department is really good. One of the reasons I'm attending in the first place is because the tuition is CHEAP in comparison to other schools and I can live at home still. Going into my third year and beginning to look into career prospects this fall and a possible study abroad for my senior year for illustration.
The food is terrible and the only people who actually made decent food have left. The school is alright, if you get a good professor. Sometimes you get ones who care too much and other times you get ones who do not care at all.
Administration at UAA is pretty terrible. There are a few departments that are gems, based mostly on the quality of the professors. There's really no draw to stay or live on campus. I recommend eating elsewhere. Good for a commuter college.
UAA is a "commuter" college even though it touts itself as traditional. I often felt like I was receiving a High School education that I had to pay for. Not worth the money.
This school is exactly what I came here for. Mid/High level of work and learning, based on what study. Incredible library. Nice buildings and common areas. Food needs some work... The food in the commons is pretty bad. Had better in the Army.
Easy school, but very little campus life. Professors are smart but not necessarily skilled at teaching. Campus has some very pretty parts and some very trashy places.
Let's be honest, we go here due to lack of other options. They only have a few programs that are worth paying for like nursing or engineering. Most teachers are lazy and make u teach yourself everything which reduces them to mere mediators. Go anywhere else if you can. I'm leaving the state for grad school. C ya
Great school! Best climate ever!
This school is great for a starter college, but I recommend going to a more challenging school
Solid public university. Good education, especially for the price. Lots of opportunities to network if you want to stay in Anchorage.
FOOD IS HORRIBLE, PARKING IS ATROCIOUS, AND A LOT OF BAD TEACHERS! THE DEPARTMENT I GOT MY AAS DEGREE WAS A GREAT DEPARTMENT AND LIKELY THE BEST ONE AT UAA! TAKE THE AAS DEGREE IN COMPUTER NETWORKING AT THE UNIVERSITY CENTER! MOST OTHER GER PROFESSORS ARE RUDE AND DON'T CARE ABOUT TEACHING! WISH WE HAD A MORE ORGANIZED SCHOOL SYSTEM.
There are way more students than parking, so far the professors have been very poor, and there is very little school spirit and community within UAA. I do not recommend this University.
Career advisors don't care about your success as a student; they think that they are doing you a favor if they talk to you. Hopefully, the university will correct this, as I saw many students without direction. It is their JOB to guide students;however, this school is backwards in this area.
There aren't a whole lot of social events but what they do have is pretty awesome! Especially the Campus Kickoff! The teachers that I've had so far have been great, students just need to apply themselves more. The only downside to going to school in AK is the cold winters, but I think that the beautiful scenery covered in snow kinda makes up for it
This school is really the only option if you plan to stay in Anchorage. It will give you a decent education but it's really not the best. Tuition is over priced for the quality of education. Also parking is the worst, I pay $250  a semester for a parking permit & there is never parking available.
This is a school where people go if they got the UA Scholars Award and APS Scholarship which are a lot of money and can only be used in Alaska. Not a lot of people live on campus. People just get apartments or stay at their parents house. Horrible parking for such a big commuter school. But cheap and gives out scholarships.
Love UAA
By far the worst thing about this school is parking and parking permit prices. Not a lot happening on campus and way expensive to live in the dorms but overall the school has great academic programs and great professors. You will learn a lot.
This is not the first college I have attended, but it is by far the best.  I love my school so much that my long term goal is to one day be a professor here.
Lots of students complain about UAA and think that other schools outside of AK are better. But most don't realize that UAA has caught up and is a great deal overall. The university has built a new library, science building, and it's completing a new engineering building and sports arena in the next year. It's a good school and it's getting better.
meh
I enjoyed my time at UAA. Lots of great profs, but the school seems poorly run sometimes. I also wish there was more school spirit. But there are great opportunities available if you seize them. UAA helped me land a good job in the area. Given the price and quality of education, I'd recommend it to just about anybody.
Please go to UAA only to get your start in college. Do yourself a favor and graduate from a real school with real professors, not someone from the community who is willing to teach a class one night a week. It will make a difference in your futures.
I wish that UAA was more informative about the resources they had on campus to help students out, they really don't talk about them much. The clubs and events they on campus don't really spark any of my interests. I have only been to a few events and it was always either hit or miss. There aren't very many clubs on campus either.
The phrase uaamazing doesn''t stack up in reality. The school is decent and cheap for Alaska residents.
Decent Campus overall, but to me it is quite large. Also making friends as a transfer has been extremely hard. People only seem to be willing to talk to people they grew up here with. Generally nice and clean, and ok professors, some better than others.
It's UAA, what can you really expect? As long as you keep an open mind and a sweater in your backpack, for when you travel between classes, you will be fine! :)
Great campus I would give the library a five but they only let you use a study room once per day.
I was a commuter so I was never involved in school spirit, I also never saw any. Never good events.  Its really quiet and since its mostly a comunter school everyone just hangs out with friends they already have really. campus is blah. NO PARKING worst Ive ever seen in my life. But i did have some amazing professors so thats one aspect I loved.
The students are great and some professorsprograms are top notch, but the administration spends money with little to no student input. Beneficial programs are cancelled while new funding is allocated for unnecessary buildings. The internet is bad, the food is horrifically expensive. I'd recommend avoiding UAA if at all possible.
UAA is tough to like.  They will squander your tuition on unnecessary remodels and new buildings, then tell you that they don't have capital to support academic offerings.  The alumni association will constantly call you asking for money, you know because the 75K you gave them for your degree isn't quite enough...    I can't wait to graduate.
Only complaint I have is parking.  You can buy the yearly permit but it doesn't allow you to park in the garage, so parking is scarce in certain areas. But the shuttle runs frequent.
It's an alright school, definitely not a first pick for any student, but it's the best campus in the Anchorage area and the second best in Alaska.
I recently got out of the Marines and am attending school here at UAA. Great school, all of my teachers are very knowledgeable and helpful people. The campus is very modern and clean. The library is amazing. The only downside is the social life. Most students are commuters, so the traditional college feel just is not there.
UAA is an okay school, they are far behind others schools in comparison to the lower 48s.  Could use lots of upgrades thru out the whole campus and offer more classes in the summer!!!!!
You won't find the best campus with the best teachers here but what you will find is exactly what you should expect from a university; the resources to get a proper education and those willing to go out of their way to help you achieve it. It is easy to get to know professors and make connections in the professional world.
Its more of an "Anyone can go to this school" there is no  specific age group. The food has its up days. and you have to go find all of the opportunities. There are a lot out there. you just have to try.
Okay..
Some programs are better than others (engineering, health and economics are all top-notch), there's very little campus life, and the overall quality leaves something to be desired. If you're local and get a scholarship then it's a great option, otherwise steer clear. UAA is a decent way to get a degree, but it's nothing you'll reminisce on later.
Like it a lot. Still needs some work.
Alright, I'll admit that UAA was my absolute last choice. But as a local, it was the best choice. If you are a scholar, you're golden when it comes to the financial aspect, and even if you aren't, it's still not bad compared to the other schools. Advisors aren't what you'd call great, but some of the professors are actually really admirable.
Great campus, I'm not that social because there is no time.
A great up-and-coming university full of potential. Students can really have an impact on the development  of the school. Full of great professors and support faculty. It is however developing and there are certain areas that need work like developing a thriving social community, building a sky bridge that connects all buildings to the spine etc.
All I can say is, Try and get a job at the university. They pay very well. Also, the view is amazing wherever you go.
Best bang for the buck in the USA.
Good college with low tuition rates. Many areas of the campus could be improved especially with vehicle traffic and parking.
