no comment
The Business College is great. They have their stuff together and have awesome professors!
Internet works on the mobile but won't work for laptops and can't support everyone. Food is average. The campus is almost impossible to navigate because it only as one Drive going along it and then small roads to try to get in and out. Leaving the parking lot is a nightmare.
UAA might get the job done, their average graduation rate is just 26%.  This is due to the lack of support for students (though it is better than some small schools), and the fact that graduation requirements change, and no options are given for students that this hurts.  I just got set back an entire semester.  Get in, get your AA and get out.
This school is basically an overly expensive community college or trade school. The finances are horrendously mismanaged. The administration doesn't care about students' educations or satisfaction. You're better off elsewhere.
Good school, overall good teachers and advisors. Not much going on but the education is good!
I came to UAA from out of state for a chance to experience Alaska. I have loved my time here, seen a lot of the state, been pleased with my classes, and made many friends. The only downer is the looming sense that most students are from Alaska and feel that they could have done better. There isn't a strong sense of pride at all.
UAA is, well, UAA. I just reached my upper division standing only to go to register for classes and can't take the classes I need because upper division courses are only offered during day times, which makes attendance impossible for the working professional.
UAA is a mediocre school. Don't go here expecting the full college experience. The only reason I go here is for the Aviation program (which is awesome). If I had a different major, I wouldn't be here.
Alaska is the most beautiful state.  It is a different world in AK.  People are happy here.  If you come to school here you will love it
I'm not from Alaska, but I enjoy being at UAA.  Residential campus is great if you're willing to pay for it, and it's an overall positive college experience.  Certainly not the greatest choice out there, but quite nice for a cheap school.  Parking sucks.
Be careful when choosing professors- some of them at UAA are absolutely horrible.. Parking is a nightmare no matter what time of day it is, so arrive early to find a spot! Campus is nice and well maintained. Good transportation system. Cheap if you're a resident. Just definitely do your research before choosing a professor!!
Certain majors such as Nursing and Business are really good.  If you are Alaskan, it is really cheap. Don't go to UAA  for the campus.  The buildings are visually unattractive and school spirit is nonexistent.  The average student age is probably around 30.  Most people go to class then leave immediately.  Alaska is really beautiful though!
UAA is basic, but it has everything you need and some really good professors. Alaska is beautiful. Great for outdoor enthusiast.
love the library
Great school.
Just a really beautiful and great place to go to school. It's not a Harvard or anything of sort, but you can get a wonderful education in a great location here. So many new buildings too, especially the Engineering and Industry Building!
Alaska is amazing. I feel like the social aspect of UAA is what is bringing it down. There is not a large variety of clubs, the sports offered are entirely indoors, and as a freshman living off campus (as most students do) I find it really hard to get involved and meet people my age. Also there are only two sororities, whats the point?
Just a bad school
UAA is coming around, I feel over the past few years I have discovered the many ins and outs around campus, for new students I'm sure it all seems daunting and confusing but over time if you put forth the effort you can find the full potential of this campus.
The only thing good about it is the price.
UAA does not get much respect, especially from the local students... but I think that's mostly because a lot of the locals just want to leave the state. The library is beautiful. Some of the teachers are so awesome. Some are questionable. There are TONS of opportunities out there, but YOU have to be willing to go and find them. Don't sit around.
Really Great campus overall, I like that there are a lot of options as far as classes to take, everyone seems to be really friendly! I managed to make quite a few friends on this campus, it is a really great environment to study and learn. just a really good place.
UAA isn't great but it's not horrible. If you are looking for the typical college social scene there's not that much here. A few parties here and there but campus life doesn't revolve around it like other schools. The classes are all good especially the aviation program.
Excellent school
Nice place to attend college without breaking the bank. The people are mostly friendly, campus is a sight to see and there are a lot of amazing professors.  Bad things are the spotty wi-fi and the struggle to find a parking space.
Though a lot of people go to school here, it has NO social aspect & no school spirit. A school where you just go for your classes then leave immediately. Seems more like a community college than a university. Pretty cheap, easy to get your tuition paid for if you get scholarships. I feel like 90% of people go here cus they can't afford elsewhere.
Pretty nice, but the campus could be more condensed (not one long hallway).
Grateful for the opportunity to attend this school!
I don't really think the school was helpful with resources at all the teacher I had kept giving us days off instead of working with us and during the summer there was barely any help as in tutoring the testing rooms are not convenient at all and they are so noisy it's impossible to concentrate and the administration could care less.
Spotty wifi, not much going on in general. More like a community college than a University...
UAA has great professors when you start to really get involved with your major. Students often complain about the lack of social events and the truth is there are plenty of opportunities, but I find people don't WANT to do anything.  That has little to do with the school and more to do with the people and likely that it is cold most of the year.
Ok school for a good price
Went for the in-state tuition. Administration is a mess, they were always losing my financial aid paperwork. They pour all their money into things no one wants. Only two food options on campus besides dorm cafeteria, Subway and mediocre Chinese. Definitely a commuter campus and not good for a live-in college experience.
The campus is beautiful and bright, even in the winter months. The food leaves a lot to be desired and the internet barely works. I love my school for the most part and think there's a lot going for it.
The admissions are a nightmare, additionally, with the budget cuts they are making, I have to drop my minor, and may have to transfer entirely due to cuts in my major (biology). There isn't much to do, and most of the professors don't care about what they are teaching. That being said, I have had some amazing classes. The people are generally fine.
For certain majors UAA is strong academically however that is all the school has going for it.  UAA is the ultimate definition of a commuter campus.  Nearly all the students are non-traditional and have jobs or families outside of class.  As a result school spirit is nonexistent.  Go for Alaska and academics, not the campus or social life.
wonderful school great people
It maybe because it's my first semester or so, but so far it's okay.
There's honestly not much to say about this school. It's not terrible but it's also not amazing.
it is a commuter college. Most people on campus are rude and have no interest in meeting new people. Also, the university is a mess and couldnt tell you right from left 99% of the time.
Poor financial and administrative infrastructure. Not very many resources for students whether it be healthwise, tutoring, etc. I often feel as if I'm not told/can't find what I need on campus. Parking is becoming very limited, as more people choose to stay in-state for school. Overall student academic support is limited.
It's OK.  We need parking, WiFi, and administration that cares.  Some professors are exceptional but not all.
Campus has been expanding fast (buildings replacing parking lots) in the 4 years Ive been here, and parking got worse every year. Management has finally realized (what was clear all along) that huge cuts must be made, and courses - if not entire programs - must be eliminated. Hundreds of millions of $ wasted as they eliminated our parking areas
People who complain about UAA generally seem to be those who don't care to work to provide their own opportunities. Let me tell you a secret about going to an itty-bitty state school. There's more opportunity here than at Harvard. Why?Your professors care to get to know you, want you to succeed, will HELP you succeed. Work. Don't waste time whining
Unless you're eating at the Student Union, the food is expensive. That said, the food IS delicious at the cafeteria and commons, and the latter is all-you-can-eat, so it's not too bad. Parking is a hassle, and people mostly just hang with their friends. Wi-Fi could be faster, but it's not unbearable.  Overall 7/10, not the best thing ever, not bad.
While I liked and loved many professors in my program, the main campus administration needs to clean up its act. So little care is put into updating a lot of parts of the campus. Still, if you're looking for affordable education, the price is nothing to sneeze at. Just do a lot of personal research into what you want to go career-wise.
This university is very diverse and there's so many opportunities and areas of advancement.
The choice of food is unhealthy and not much variety when you go here everyday. They have probably the worst internet connection and service wherever I go on campus.
Great location. It's a super relaxed campus, but I wish there were more activities for students to have fun. Like a bowling ally or a dance club or a coffee lounge walking distance or short drive. The internet could be better. The people here are super nice.
UAA is considered a commuter campus, people only come here because it was the easiest option to get a good education. School is trying to increase its reputation, it has evolved over the past years but is still not a highly respected campus.
It's ok
The school itself is great, with some amazing professors. The administration is overall terrible. Expect to get frustrated with unanswered questions and stupid unexplained tuition charges. Since it is one of the few schools in Alaska it is acceptable and comparatively cheap.
If you live in Alaska, this is your only real choice. My biggest issues are the lack of decent instructors and seemingly constant financial issues. The campus is quite nice but not perfect.
Do not come here if you like sports or joining clubs. Do come if all you like to do is hike.
Alaska what do you expect...
I just wanted to say that you should expect unanswered questions from staff. Some professors are better then others and some courses are offered online. Over all I would say that I have had an okay experience and the campus is nice, and in-state tuition isn't horrible.
school is good
Honestly, it's what you'd expect. Most people go here because a.) it's cheap (for residents), and b.) it's easy to get in. But if you're a nursing major or a science major, you'll find good opportunities because of Providence and fish and game. Overall quality is only alright. Invest in a car if you can; it's hard to get off campus w/o one.
Just another day at school, nothing special.
It is a good school that focuses on the students and helps them succeed.
UAA may not be the most exciting school ever but it's one of the best places to get your foot in the door to jump-start your career. Alaska is a small community, so almost anyone you meet will be a great business contact.
Just wish there was more going on yearly.
Not much to choose from here in AK.  Credits rarely transfer.  It's all about the money, not the needs of the students
I like UAA. I was in the Economics program and I enjoyed my time here. I learned a lot.
Bad and overprice food. Not a lot of options for classes but hey! the tuition is affordable.
Very high quality institution for the price! Tuition is cheap! Social/culture aspects suck. School spirit is low. It is like a community college, that is trying to be a big lower 48-esque destination school. Lots of underutilized school resources. Beautiful location, nice campus. Anchorage has everything you need, but no frills.
I attended the School of Nursing. If you are thinking about it, DONT. This barely accredited shambles of a program should be avoided unless you like disorganization and feeling like the tutors are the only ones actually teaching anything. The few professors who have their crap together are leaving. I payed tuition to basically have to teach myself.
I attended UAA because my family is military.  Depends on who your advisor is, if you are using your GIBill, be careful advisors like to use up that money for you.  The class are ok if you get orders to move during the school year, there is no policy to help you, it is up to your teacher if you can leave unless you drop.  Not military friendly.
I'm an adult student so I don't live or eat on campus.  The campus is divided into two parts.  The building that most of my classes are in are not even on the main campus and I love that.  There is always parking and it is free at the University Center building off the main campus.   The professors are a lot of fun to take courses from.
Good for getting in, getting a degree and getting out.
I wish we had more opportunities to make friends. Wd have clubs around, but since it's such a commuter school, not that many people are in the clubs.
Really good to get in, get your degree and having fun while getting it.
Advisors aren't that helpful
UAA is a decent school, some professors are good some are awful. No clubs or events or really anything fun to do. Parking is RIDICULOUS.
Great school, if your from out of state, you'll love being around some of the most spectacular places in the world. Just don't forget your winter coat in the bathroom of the Seattle airport.
I love UAA, especially it being in Alaska. Lots of available sports facilities. Food is kinda "Hometown Buffet-esque" Personally I love hometown buffet, but don't expect "gourmet". The relatively cheap tuition for both in-state and WUE is great too.
The only reason I didn't put it as safer is because I keep walking up on wildlife after my night classes. Moose are cool and all, but I just want to go home. There are tons of clubs, but few are actually active. Other then that, best school up here. Admittedly, the pickings are slim.
There is not a whole lot else to choose from up here but it is not stranded and boring like Fairbanks. Though Anchorage is still pretty boring unless you love the outdoors. The food around campus is largely vending machines, mini cafes, the dorms, or the one open dining hall. Generally safe unless you don't know how to handle snow and ice.
There are much better in much better places. Worst experience of my life.
Location is good for convenience sake but you got the hospitals around you, McLaughlin youth center the mental health center nearby and homeless. Its not bad but better measures could be made. Everyone is pretty relaxed at UAA a lot of the clubs and organizations are academic but if you take advantage of the opportunities you could really do a lot.
Best option in Alaska. A few good teachers. No school spirit. It's going downhill fast. The price and lack of other options are why 90% of the students go here. We hate it.
Great school, not to bad financially.
Ive never lived on campus and have only taken a handful of classes on campus, most Ive taken online. Theyve updated it a lot in recent years and it looks really nice. I dont know much about the housing or food on campus but Im sure its decent.
