Great campus
There is no one to check up on any of the facilities or staff so they basically do what they want. Dont even try to complain to anyone because they are all so close that youll just be blackballed or flunked. Basically keep your mouth shut and suffer through.
A school for introverts in my opinion. You really gotta seek out making friends. Which is alright. Some professors are eh, but it's cool.
UAA does not care about students, only looking good as a liberal college. The president actively screws over students to push his agenda.
Great campus, great staff, and wonderful location.
This University is great, a lot of things to do but the reason many people don't agree is because they choose to go home and not get involved. Every school is a great school unless you're only looking to party, not much of that here but don't forget the biggest reason you're in college. To get experience, education and a degree.
It's aight
This place sucks! I hate it so much they never taught me anything and I am struggling all the way through.
Great school, great campus.
I'll graduate next month and can say that I've received a great education here. Went out of state for 2 yrs. Spent too much money and got into debt. UAA is cheaper and better than people give it credit for. Go out of state for 50k, and get the same or less education if you want. Or just stay here and get involved. You can have a great experience.
The pros of this university are faculties and staff as the majority of them are willingly to help students succeed while some of them don't care. The cons however are the food as they are expensive as I don't make much working at UAA. The internet can get real bad when it comes to finals week and lots of drunks and homeless come through here.
A typically college campus with the right needs for almost everything.
Academically a lackluster community college (not to suggest that there are not fine community colleges) and a far cry from what one would expect in a "university". GERs are largely useless and core competency courses (composition) so poorly taught that other units have sought to take them over.
It's an okay campus, decent classrooms and library is pleasant. Dining options are sad and slim. Professors are hit or miss, but I've had more hits than misses. They take the time to help you and are there to support you. Overall, at UAA, there's still room for improvement but I'm glad to have had the opportunity to study here.
I will hate to leave here.
I had a good time at UAA however it was a little hard to find that group of people to hand out with. There is a ton of free food lying around you just have to know where to find it. There aren't that much active clubs. This campus makes to try to find friends and people to hang out with.
UAA is located in a great area, close to a lot of other important parts of the city. However, good luck trying to find a parking spot on campus! And good luck trying to find something to eat, or even just a coffee. It's a toss up when it comes to professors, I've had mostly great professors, but I've had a few mediocre ones too.
As someone who returned to school at 24, I have really enjoyed this university. Sure, it has the usual highs and lows of any other campus, but there are a lot of opportunities here for students. The campus is also quite diverse and the average age of a student here is 30+ which can be comforting for those of us just returning to academia.
Getting better every year. Just wish there was more campus life stuff. We need big movie nights and more dances throughout the year.
UAA has many great programs and some of the buildings could use renovation. The scholarships and relatively cheap tuition are what make this school attractive.
Great campus and very nice people.
A very nice campus, but heavily lacking more community activities and on-campus living events, a social desert, but lots of opportunities to get things done in the beautiful library. Smoke-free campus is lame, let us die.
UAA is a decent school and superb for the antisocial. I do not prefer groups and chats and i work a full time job. The online classes were extremely helpful. If you do get involved, there seems to be a lot of politics but not bad either some great groups. Just not my thing.
UAA is a great college. The tuition is cheap which makes it really nice. It has its fair share of great and horrible professors.
A wonderful school in the great north!
Nobody seems to be friendly, not enough greek events, and far too many old people
Decent university at a decent location in town. Everything about it is average or below average. The food offered here is expensive and tastes terrible. Pretty quiet, which is nice if you're not social like me. Buildings are constantly being patrolled by security cars and officers which is reassuring if you like to stay late at night to study.
UAA gets a bad rap, but it's not a bad school. Overall it's your average state school. A large population of sudents are commuters which gives it a different atmosphere than a college where everyones straight out of high school. UAA is also extremely affordable when compared to the cost of living here.
Tuition is to expensive. Student not very friendly. Faculty kind not helpful. Need variety of teachers and professors to teach same class. Different class schedule. Anyway, the University of Alaska Anchorage is losing students due to poor management and high tuition.
Its ok some classes better than others some professors definitely better than others, overall not that impressed.
Despite the recent budget cuts and accreditation scare, UAA is a wonderful school for a fraction of the price. I love this college and do not regret enrolling, but I will concede it's not for everyone.
It's a good environment overall, definitely hipster territory like a good portion of modern Anchorage. The food is pretty expensive, the coffee even more. There are a lot of opportunities and community events if you're into that. Biggest downside is that they can't stop cutting the funding, so you lose opportunities fast if you dont take advatage
This school makes your life increasingly difficult. Students are constantly charged fees for pointless recreational things they don't even use. Professors are nice, but few of them are actually helpful. This school is notorious for coming up with extra courses "you must take in order to graduate." I'm transferring in the fall. Would not recommend.
UAA is VERY inexpensive compared to lower 48 universities, with that being said, be prepared to get what you pay for. Youll never make it into any program within a timely matter. Everything is so spread apart as compared to a normal college. Horrible biology department. Please leave this state if you want education that wont take 5+ years.
I have started looking into not any other option. The teachers I am getting in Biology are rough and it makes it hard to want to even go to class and be power pointed to death. High tuition and fees for things I do not even use.
UAA is a decent school. Not extraordinary by any means.
The campus is well maintained but is known to be sketchy especially during the winter when it starts to get dark around 5 or 6 pm. UAA doesn't have a great reputation but overall their teaching staff is really great and if you take classes that interest you, you'll have a good time. Also watch out for sudden accreditation! :(
I am currently a Sophomore at UAA. I have two big issues, some teachers are just there to be a warm body, and UAA wastes money on misc bs. I am 100% certain that I could likely get a better education off of youtube, but youtube wont give me the piece of paper I need. I enjoy the campus, it's super clean, and well maintained through the winter.
Concerning mostly the nursing program, I would say stay away and go out of state if possible. The majority of professors seriously lack organization, communication, and online/Blackboard skills. The nursing advisors have no idea what they're talking about. Triple check and petition everything. "Jump through the hoops" is the name of the game.
Worth it for the business programs; professors have practical experience and know what they're doing. The science departments tend to suck, I'd recommend taking those classes through Mat-Su or KPC. Pricy food/coffee, OK location, decent facilities, parking a pain. Lots of fees for things you don't use. Free food if you look. Total commuter campus.
Outreach is terrible
I had a good first year here. But the budget cuts have led to bigger classes. Lots of profs have left or plans to. Everyone seems on edge not knowing the future. I still believe UAA is a great investment and have no regrets deciding to stay in Alaska for my education. I just wish people appreciated and supported UAA more than they do.
Disappointed so far with the School of Nursing. It seems like you have to work so hard to get into the Nursing program only to finally make it and be forgotten. Over half way through semester and still dont have advisors as promised. Seems that there was a big turnover of professors lately. Other parts of campus are nice and updated.
Aviation student. The school is ran very poorly. Between waitlists and an awful Covid 19 response they sure seem to do everything in their power to keep you out of an airplane. Also UAA has had one the worst responses to Covid 19. They want to continue online delivery in Fall. It was a nightmare in spring and the profs did poorly with it.
I just finished my bachelor's degree at UAA. I am very grateful for all the opportunities I was given. I had a great learning experience!
Lots of common areas to hangout and do some school work. The wifi connection is spotty in the smh building. The student union is comfortable with food options and a cafe. Lock your car doors and don't leave valuables in your vehicle, that's just a rule on the East side of Anchorage anyhow. The advisors don't advise. Make friends to learn the ropes
If you come with a goal, you will succeed! Super thankful for all the connections I made at UAA.
UAA is a great school, with a wonderful atmosphere. Problems with funding is a bit worrisome at times, however.
UAA's School of Nursing is an absolute mess. It's barrier after barrier at every turn. They are not organized, lose staff every semester (sometimes during the semester!), and change program requirements constantly. If you don't have to go to UAA for your nursing degree, highly recommend you going somewhere else. I wish I did.
So far, I've enjoyed my time here. It gets a worse reputation than I think it deserves.
