Overall, eh. School of Nursing is rough. Many hurdles to cross to get into it, and not all pertinent info is conveyed, do your own research. Advisors aren't actually assigned, just grab one and hang on. Needs lots of self-advocacy & ability to do own research w/ vague instructions. Online switch has been full of issues w/ poor communication
Alright school, could be better
Currently in the nursing school, and it definitely has it's challenges. While at times it can be hard to struggle through the struggles of online learning, new professors, and the slight increase in tuition, I'm glad I stayed in Alaska to continue my education. Alaska has always been home, and I love all the people/professors that I get to meet.
The University of Alaska Anchorage is a wonderful institution and campus that has been negated by HATERS. This school has incredible faculty, downright impressive courses, and a care for the greater community. I couldn't recommend it more.
It's my hometown but there are absolutely things to be critical of.
This is a functional college staffed by unexceptional academics. The coursework is what you'd see in an AP high school classes in terms of difficulty and educational value. If you had other options you'd be somewhere else.
Hate this place
Not great, but is cheap and convenient. Have fun with your $30,000 loans I will take my $1,000 tuition.
UAA has incredible value for the education you receive. There are tons of opportunities if you are invested in your education and reach out to connect with your professors. Staff is incredibly accessible at my home campus of KBC. The feeling of community is strong; people want you to succeed here.
You get so much value for such low tuition. Free gym access, free therapy with amazing therapists, free bus fare. Campus events always have so much free stuff and it's not hard to get free food on campus either. Main complaint is there's way too many Christian student orgs.
Accidentally fowarded over 500 names from people that had an academic warning. Total breach of privacy.
The meal plan food sucks.
Definitely recovering after the pandemic. There are a lot of work shortages, but tons of opportunities. Though the student population is low, there are always tons and tons of events happening. Haven't had one teacher under the "good" level so far, which is impressive on the STEM side of things! Also, amazing counseling services
It is pretty decent considering the tuition I put in. Most Professors (lower level classes )are inspirational and helpful.
