If you're planning on transferring to Temple, make sure the classes you're planning on taking actually transfer over. Don't trust any advisors, unless their Mary Beth Flinn in The School of Communications and Theater.
It is a great school if you live around Temple. If you get involved with Greek Life or TSG or MCPB, then it opens doors to incredible networking opportunities. If you take advantage of all that Temple has to offer, yo won't be disappointed.
Minutes from center city, always a good time. Parties on the weekends, bars are good on campus, and the city always has something going on. Big school, fun, nice campus and great professor and quality education.
Great value.
No cool people go here. I've only met a handful of people that I actually like
Administration is NOT easy to work with at all. Prepared to put through heck just to attend this school. You'll have to be dealing with financial aid and advisors constantly. The inter-university communication is also extremely poor. But....I still like the school somehow, lol.
I LOVE Temple!
It grows on you.
Great school. Although its in the middle of North Philly, the campus itself is very safe. Never have a felt threatened while living on campus the past two years. Don't listen to people who talk bad about Temple because typically, those are the ones that have never actually visited the school to begin with.
A wonderful education at an even better price.
hire a body guard..
Great school with a great education.
!!!!!!!!!!!
Temple is brimming with diversity and various opportunities.  Great value!
It's in north Philthadelphia. Beware. I know students who have had their houses (just blocks from campus) robbed at night. Nice school, but the area is a BIG downfall. It's notoriously known as one of the worst ghettos. I wouldn't walk/bike home after dark if you don't live right on the campus.
be careful were you live off campus,
yes i like it here
Epic, brah. Changed my life. Something for everyone.
Food is deadly, dont get mealplan. Most temple kids suck. Bad atmosphere overall, not involved in community. BAD professors for the most part; they're good people, but awful teachers, worse than high school level.  Dorms are awful, get an apartment and struggle through hordes of people and focus ona  core group you can live and grow with; survive.
Campus is very safe. It's just the surrounding neighborhood that isn't great.
I have never missed a school so much in my life. Everyone is so friendly and there is plenty to do. Center city is so close you can see it from campus and the food outside of the dining hall is very good (There's also bubble tea. Although I would take the short trip to China town.) Just don't get distracted from your work; it's challenging.
I chose Temple, and never regretted it. Most of the people from my high school ended up transferring to temple later on.
Campus itself is pretty safe but the surrounding area isn't. Temptation to party is high for some. Lots of opportunities socially and educationally. Temple is what you make of it. Stay on top of your financial aid and be self-sufficient.
good schoool while on campus
It is not as bad of an area as people say it is. The campus is VERY safe. It really is a city within a city.
Temple is a great school, with a great community and great opportunitys for those work hard. but who ever said its in a great area is stupid. if your smart you'll be fine, but it cant be denyed that if you walk off campus at night and dont stay aware and protect yourself you could get jumped. other then that GO OWLS!
Don't trust any advisors.
Solid all around school with some great opportunities.
If it isn't your first-choice school, it might take some time getting used to, and the 'you can get anywhere on campus in ten minutes' rule doesn't apply doesn't/won't apply to everyone.
You learn when you aren't even realizing you are.
Great school in America's 5th Largest city. Atmosphere is great, there is always something to do and it is very safe for being in a bad part of the city. Parties are great, bars are great and access to the city is easy. Takes 5 mins max to get to center city/manayunk.
The University is very good. just dont expect the offices to be helpful... at all...
This school gets you ready for the real world. Temple is not like going to college, but like preparing for a job.
Be careful as far as going off campus is concerned
Temple is a fantastic place to spend four years if you want to meet a wide array of people. Specifically, for anyone who wants an urban experience, and a large public university, this is one of the best options one could find in all of the country. Philadelphia is Temple's campus, just remember that!
Campus itself is nice enough, but the neighborhood around it is terrible.  Robberies are common and kids like to throw eggs at students. Temple's reputation is on the rise.  Saying you graduated from there today means a lot more than it did 10 years ago and it looks like 10 years down the line it will mean more than it does now.
i really like temple, as a transfer i have a different view because i know what other schools are like. the fox school is VERY VERY good. all the teachers are excellent, but then there is the math department. it is a mess. they make it very very hard to pass and the teachers are basically useless. they dont even make their own exams!
If you're willing to get involved on campus, Temple can't be beat. So many clubs and opportunities, and awesome resces if you take the time to look. Safety is a nom-issue if you use your
Incredible opportunity.  I say North Philly is a poor location only because it is actually poor.  It's an experience and opportunity all its own.
I only go to temple because its mad cheap. If you want good education Temple isnt the right choice, rather save money by going to cc and transfer to better school. I regret coming to Temple. Compare to upenn, drexel campuses, temple has wack campus. The school has no spirit, i dont think anyone is proud graduating from temple.
i wasn't sure if i'd like temple at first but i LOVE it. living on campus is great, there's always someone to hangout with and always something to do. i loved all of my teachers and classes and the library and tech center are both so nice.
Temple is a great school and you will get out of it whatever you put into it. There is a ton of diversity so whoever you are, there is something for you here. I know some people joke about the crime, but the only way something will happen to you is if you're an idiot and go looking for trouble. A great campus with lots of professional opportunities
Temple University is a GREAT school! In the heart of North Philly, which isn't the safest part of Philly, but campus police are ALWAYS patrolling as well as Philly officers. AMAZING staff! One of the BEST universities in PA!
Pros: Met a lot of people with whom I'll probably keep in touch with for life. Many great professors. Campus is wonderful. Affordable tuition (for now anyway!)     Cons: Student body can be rude & idiotic at times. Lot's of 'bro parties' (not my cup of tea). Campus is located in an impoverished part of Philly.      Overall, I'm happy I'm here.
Admissions, Financial Aid, and Counselors are the worse. Keep track of everything. No one here will help you out with anything. A lot of very good caring professors, that get shut down by the bureaucracy.
Temple is wonderful. There is a crowd for everyone here. Skater, smartie, party, sporty, or a little bit of everything ~ opportunities are endless if you just look around. Feel very safe on campus; it is very well lit with lots of security. Meal plan is alright but food around campus is endless. The train is a great plus. Housing can be a struggle
If you are coming to Temple to study at FOX business school you are lucky. The classroms are taught with cutting edge tech and the building also has several study rooms you can reserve. Some of the other building look like junior high or rec centers on the inside.The food carts around give a great variety.
Do not attend classes at night on Main Campus!
Temple is honestly the best school on the planet! You get a great education while having fun getting it. Perfect location in North Philly. Right in the middle of everything. You'll never be bored here. Awesome
Awesome everything
Love this school.
Getting involved will make your experience so much better. Great school.
the temple type is not a stereotype. Come for diversity and experience
Temple is an amazing school I wouldn't change my decision for a minute!
Temple, despite being in a sketchy location, is a great, diverse school with some amazing programs. It's proximity to the city provides ample opportunities to learn outside of the classroom.
A part of the STHM which I love, diverse campus, always something to do, can most likely always find help when you need it. Neighborhood towards sesquehanna isn't all that great. Food in dinning halls can be MUCH better. Over all Temple is like its own city, love the city life!
I love Temple, everything about it. Amazing opportunities.
Definitely choose this school if you want a school with an urban feel and a diverse community. The people at the school and the school itself have so much to offer you will never be bored. I love it and don't regret it.
Awesome school, so happy i came here. The diversity is amazing and the atmosphere is great. You'll b a fool not to choose this school.
Loving It!
This is a very diverse school very fun to be in
I love this school
love TU so much it was my first choice coming out of high school and i'm really glad i came here. it's very diverse and there's always something to do
Transferred from Penn state after my sophmore year because I was having too much fun .. too much drinking after a couple years of non stop partying I came to temple to start over. Complety different . In the city. Great campus features about a mile from downtown phils great food . I would recommend to anybody that needs a little inspiration .
tis good
I love Temple and it was definitely the right choice. If you are looking for an urban campus that is full of diversity, Temple is the place for you.
Temple MADE!
Be careful.
Great School. Fantastic Location !!!
Love this school, extremely hard to graduate in 4 years. they really need to work on informing the students about events and services they provide. over all love the atmosphere and teachers
Better than expected
It's pretty legit thus far, I'm a Junior, so far all of my teachers have been very knowledgable, the campus is beautiful, they're doing upgrades currently but liacouras walk is amazing, lots of things to do, and places to eat... TU not for Temple U but for TURN UP!!!!!
Excellent business school.
Temple is getting more and more competitive each year. it's very diverse, offers sooo many activities and seems to always have something fun and exciting going on. while its not in the best area, its still safe. as long as you stay on campus and don't wonder off you're fine. GREAT TECH CENTER, its awesome for studying!
Advising is very helpful, but go to Temple Ambler rather than Main Campus because you'll talk to the same person pretty much every time.
Although this school isn't in an awesome neighborhood, the campus is well designed, with great technology, and the area is being redeveloped and expanding. I like it
This school has very high standards
Being as though I transferred to this school from another University that I did not like at all, Temple University was the complete opposite of my prior school. I LOVE Temple! I think this was the best decision I made, it was nice to experience something that I did not like first because I truly appreciate being at Temple now.
Temple was my first choice college, and after two years I can say that I couldn't see myself at any other school. Being so close to the city gives you so many things to do and it's an awesome location for internships. Greek life is also a great way to get to know people and make great memories and friends. Temple Made all the way (:
Great School!
good
...
Na
Love the location
needs to be safer
Beautiful campus, just not in the best area. Tons to do, nice people, amazing dorms
I bleed Cherry and White.
nada
I love this University because everyone has been so welcoming. I was a transfer student and I wish I could have attended all 4 years!
I transferred in to this school, and I wish I came here from the beginning! I love the education, especially from the Fox School of Business. The school is pretty cut-throat, but that's a good thing. They have a great career center that's just for business students. The library is old, but they are building a new one, so that will be great.
The Education Department for Master's degree was horrendous it took me over a year to complete my application because they lost my paperwork so many times and gave me the wrong information.
Can't spell TurnUp without TU!
cheap
If, you love the city, you will love Temple. It's a perfect mix of a regular campus with the city mixed in. So glad I made the decision to come here.
Great School. Everything you would want from a college experience
This school is probably one of the most diverse and accepting schools i have ever seen.
It's a great school, sometimes you can get a little bored on the weekends if you have nothing to do but other than that it is a great place to be. Definitely not the scary Philadelphia that people may think of, the hundreds of campus police and bright lights at night make you feel safe.
Great school! Having Einstein's Bagels makes it all the more better! I'm addicted!
Good solid school. Not amazing, but good. A+ theatre kids.
it may not be in the best neighborhood, but it is a great school. it is my second year here and i love it! there is always something going on in the student center (SAC).
Love being in Philadelphia because there are so many amazing things to do!
Great school, bad location
I love Temple. It is the perfect fit for me.
Don't let the rumors scare you away! Yes, Temple is in North Philadelphia. Yes the neighborhood around Temple isn't the "greatest." However, Temple is building up the surrounding area and the campus itself is safe and clean and nice!
I have had a lot of trouble finding consistent workers in the offices. It seems like they are always new and do not know what is going on.
Before coming to Temple I was really excited. I didn't grow up in a city so I was excited to try it out. Biggest mistake of my life. Temple is probably the worst decision I ever made and I'm very unhappy. The people can be very unfriendly and sometimes stuck up and the location is terrible unless you're directly on campus. Wouldn't recommend Temple
Not a fan of Temple at all. If you're not too big on partying, you will hate it. It's all people are obsessed with here and literally there is nothing to do unless you go into the city which is a pain in the ass. They just cut 17 sports because they can't afford it.. Temple just wants your money and the financial office screws a lot of people over.
Temple is a great school - people who tell you otherwise have probably never been there.  It is not in the most reputable location, but if you learn street smarts you will not have a problem.  Be mindful of your surroundings and shake off any racism you may have.  If you mind your own business, you won't have a problem.  Campus/people are awesome.
Love Temple
Temple's tution is roughly double that of state schools such as West Chester.  This is because Temple is not a state school, but rather a private school receiving state tax dollars in exchange for a tuition discount for PA residents.  I would like to see Temple match state school tution rates or lose state funding.
Excellent school!
I think that students should know that if you're choosing to come to Temple, be prepared to work hard and always stay focused.
Great school. Gets a bad rep for the area it's in, but as long as you're aware of your surroundings, there's nothing to be worried about. Easy access to public transportation to do stuff. Overall, most people that come to Temple love it!
Great experiences
Good enough, watch out for ice in the winter. Don't mess with SEPTA.
Temple is AMAZING! The students are very open and friendly.
As long as you're not worried about getting shot, and can look past that, then Temple is actually a fun place. You can always get better food off campus, it's Philadelphia for crying out loud! Go explore and do things and learn stuff. It's better than staying holed up in your dorm all day and night. Being in the city is the best part about it.
Overall I'm glad I chose Temple.
Beautiful campus and great school!
School does not allow for negative comments against affirmative action.
The area gets a bad reputation, but the campus is very, very safe. It's an awesome school, don't miss out!
Stay away
Excellent place. Love it here.
I LOVE my school. Although it is in North Philadelphia, the campus itself is very safe. I couldn't be happier with my decision.
I like it a lot
Temple University is a school that is improving every year. As a soon-to-be graduate of Temple, I know that my degree will only increase in value and reputation over time.
Decent
An amazing school, I get more happen that I decided to go here each day.
Temple is great. Especially if you''re a business major
Professors are not well-oriented. They are teaching like we already know everything. I am disappointed about my major classes here.
I love going here
Great place to go if you want a real-world education. I couldn't be happier as there are many things you experience going to Temple that you could never have done in a college town like Penn State that is sealed off from mainstream society. The area isn't the best, but it's a great school. If you're very conservative and narrowminded, don't go here
It's got it's ups and downs.
I love Temple so much!!!! There are so many things to do on campus and in Philly and there are so many great people here.  I really don't want to leave.
Awesome and fun school.
I love Temple sooooo much!
Food pretty much is the same. Love the beautiful campus. Lots of people.
If there is one thing I will never regret in my life is to attend Temple. The campus is in a great location that isn't too far from the city, but far enough that you don't feel engulfed by the busy city life. Temple is also known as the diversity campus which is entirely true. You meet people from all over the world, and all walks of life here.
I love the city of Philadelphia, besides the homeless people. Temple U is live!
Tons of great sports teams, there's a club for everything, the food is amazing, literally impossible to be bored with Philly as the backdrop, the people at Temple are the coolest, most diverse and humble people I've ever met, such a sense of student pride, the off-campus environment is live all the time, everyone loves the school
I love Temple. I am a commuter though so it is kind of difficult. Temple is a big commuter school so you would think that they would have some set plan to give the professors to help you out. If you are any type of art major you have to live there. That's my huge mistake. Otherwise the school is always pumping with energy, diversity, and music.
I love having the city so close, and there are so many opportunities. It really is a great place if you do it right.
The Liberal Arts Dean is considered a bit corrupt by many students and faculty members. Be prepared to lose some of your favorite professors for no reason while other areas of the college expand their faculty. Terrible school for English majors.
I love Temple......... best school ever!!! but you gotta work real hard
Temple is so underrated, I think the curriculum, professors, and location stack up against more expensive and well respected Universities. The advisors are unhelpful but just stay on your courses and do your work and you'll "fly in 4". There are a multitude of social and networking opportunities. Student body is diverse.
I like temple U. Its not bad at all and close to center city Phila.
I like temple U. its my home away from home
VERY NICE
I love the Temple! its great. everyone is super friendly & there is ALWAYS something to do, no matter what time of the daynight. Weekends are so much fun and there is really not much more praise i can give to the school. Personally i don't even have a problem with the location, just try not to be alone and always know where you're going  :)
Temple is great because it's in Philly. If you utilize your surroundings, there's absolutely no way that you could have a bad time here.
Makes things really difficult for transfer students, especially if you aren't just transferring from a community college.
LOVE IT
Coming here was the best choice I ever made. Born and raised in Philly so I'm used to the neighborhood. Extremely diverse campus and filled with amazing people. Never a dull moment at the bell tower.
The university has great professors. It is only my first semester and I can hardly wait to start the other.
Didn't think I would like it here nearly as much as I do
very good
Temple has a good campus People are afraid of Temple because of the security, but the campus is really safe; the apartments around the campus are also safe (just dont hang out too much during the night). I live off-campus. There is nothing dangerous here, except houses getting robbed (close your apartments at all time and hide your stuffs).
Awesome
Temple is supposed to be a Middle Class school for Middle Class students, however, it recently has started acting like it's Ivy League. The classes are not that good and it's large enough that most of the faulty and professors won't care about you as an individual. The students have a very clique-y, arrogant vibe to them. Overall, Temple sucked.
I love Temple! Many people are afraid to go here because of the surrounding area, but I can assure you that there are police officers everywhere. The food is ok, many of the employees are rude but you get used to it. I'm mostly here for the location and opportunities. I can truly say that I am extremely happy I chose to go here
I came to Temple mainly because of its esteemed pre-medical and medical programs are outstanding. Location wise Temple is easily accessible through public transportation which is amazing for commuters like me! Overall a great school, vibrant social life, and a great school for commuters.
Administratively, this school is an absolute mess. They don't discriminate either, whether you are a freshman, transfer, adult student or what, you will have issues dealing with the many administrative buildingsoffices. They are unorganized and it seems no one really knows what is going on, expect a ton of grief.
Temple is okay. There's not really a unity here, unlike my old college. It feels like Temple tries to keep you here longer than you have to (to make you pay more). I would've transferred to another college, but it was already too late for me.
Go Owls
Temple has amazing opportunities, you should go here.
Temple's business school is excellent with loads of opportunity. Fox boasts a high employment rate for their students because you'll leave a polished professional.  The worst attribute is the bad neighborhood around campus. It's poverty and crime stricken, so I'd suggest living directly on campus or a safe distance away- not anything in-between.
Everyone here is from the suburbs of philly, so if you're from far away, like me, then they look at you like you have 5 heads. The area is really dangerous and the parties are all the same. I decided to transfer a week in, and I can't wait to get out of here.
Temple's right in the middle of a gentrified neighborhood in North Philly, a really rough area. Many Philly locals are unhappy that Temple is invading their space. The last 4 student housing developments were built in the middle of people's neighborhoods. They can't afford to hold their ground. I'm disappointed more ppl are talking about this.
I'm a freshman lived in Philadelphia all my life & dreamed of attending temple & now that I am here I love it even more . highly recommended
best place on earth
