Temple's got a good rep in the US, but be wary. It's a pretty big school so the staff can't cater to all the students, especially when it comes to financial advising. Straight off the bat this school is teaching you how to take care of things yourself. Since its a big school its competitive in everything from classes to jobs. Be ready to work.
Temple is a great School for being in a major city. Some areas are in dangerous locations , but there is plenty of police protection. There is plenty to do off campus in the city of Philadelphia,  and new dorms have been built and a huge science  center on main campus. There is a brand new medical school on the other campus and the tuition is fair.
Amazing school with opportunities
Temple provides opportunities like no other university.
I love Temple so far!
It's a great school!
I was pretty disappointed with Temple. Academically, I thought it did the job fairly well, but socially I was left wanting. Maybe it's being from far away without knowing anybody here when I originally came, but I found very few people who I could become close with that didn't go home every weekend. Transferring to UMass Amherst in the fall
Temple is what you make of it. There are endless opportunities if you look for them. Great professors, great niche majors. Lots of different food options. The tech center is a massive computer room open 247 and is life saving.
As a transfer student I couldn't be happier. I transferred from a school that was heavy on Greek life, appearance, and money. None of these are relevant to succeed, socialize, or intern at Temple University. There is an extreme amount of diversity on campus which embodies the population of Greater Philadelphia.
plain and simple best school ever
Philly is great but north philly is the SLUMS
Temple is great!
Great university. North Philly is okay if you're not stupid about it. Proximity to center city makes up for it.   My one problem is the advisors. Very rude and unhelpful. At first you think they're just trying to subtly encourage you to figure out things on your own. Then you realize they're genuinely lazy and just don't want to do their job.
Temple is a great school. I can't think of a single major that this school doesn't offer. The campus is super nice, considering it's smack in the middle of North Philadelphia (don't go too far off campus alone). Some of the buildings are a little outdated but they're making improvements. Pretty good professors, but beware the financial aid office!
I love Temple so much! I'm not from  Philly and yet I have found it so easy to adjust to the city and make friends. I also love being apart of Temple's psychology department. I wouldn't want to study psychology and neuroscience anywhere else!
temple is amazing, if you clear know what do you want, i believe you can always find it in here. Philly is also a surprised city.
This school sucks
Wish I picked another school
Love being in Philadelphia. Have always felt safe on campus. Dorm food is reasonable but Sodexo's customer service quality is non existent. There's always something to do and there's a group for everyone. The school spirit and reputation need work but the school does great things for job placement and internships.
I'm really loving Temple so far, I love the courses that they offered especially the GenEds, also there are always more new courses being added to the schedule!!! Many new and exciting things are coming in the near future :)
Lets be honest, the area isn't the best, but so long as you are smart you'll never need to worry. The campus is beautiful, the people are amazing, the classes are phenomenal. It wasn't my top choice but I am so grateful I chose Temple. Given the choice I would instantly pick TU again! GO OWLS!
Temple's alright if you don't mind the school wasting the money you pay to go here on making it seem better than it really is. I'd say it's an average school, nothing too special.
I LOVE Temple, regardless of the "bad location" but whatever. i love the campus and the people. i'm always doing something. love it.
Financial Aid screws over transfer students. A lot of classes that should have a low professor to student ration, like math and science, are huge lectures. However, there are a lot of places on campus to get your homework done, and it's easily accessible through SEPTA.
Great campus that's constantly improving, extremely easy access to everything Philadelphia has to offer, and a very good business school.
Temple is an accredited university and I'm proud to go here, great people. However, it's up to you to make sure you stay on track, advisers aren't always the most helpful. If you commute, you get no respect when it comes to snow or in general with snow. One thing they need to improve is the Asian History department, not enough main campus courses.
This university does not get nearly as much respect as it deserves. It's law school is top 5 in the country and the business school ranks just a few spots behind Penn States. The area isn't the best place ever but it is a lot safer than people think and has not been a problem to me at all. Overall Temple is a great university!
Love TU
This university is the best choice I made, up to this point, in my life. This university helped me find myself and if I went to any other college, I would not be the person I am now. I love it here and I think it's the best home away from home anyone could ever have.
It's a fun school, it's probably not as much work as upenn or Drexel but on the other hand you still have time for a social life. Making friends is pretty easy because people are really social here. Classes are pretty chill too, if you have any problems teachers are willing to work with you. Parties are good , but always have pepper spray with you.
Not my favorite place.
Great opportunity. The value for your education increases with the opportunities Philly has to offer. You don't have to pay Ivy-league prices. Make your own Ivy-League experience and build your future in a city that isn't too big for its britches.
temple is greatgo owls
I absolutely LOVE Temple! It has endless opportunities for whichever major you choose. You are able to come and just get your bachelors OR you can commit to various clubs, engage in social activities and work to ultimately  end up with tons of friends, a respectable bachelors, a great resume and a thriving career! I vouch 100%!
Temple is a wonderful school. I love all my professors and he Therapeutic Recreation major is wonderful. This school offers so many opportunities and I love that I can commute from home via the train. Not so great with weather closures, but what school really is? I love Temple and all that the university offers to the community and their students:)
Temple is incredible. You have access to so many opportunities just by being here and in the heart of Philly. This is a place where being proactive is valued, so if you put in the effort, you'll get a lot out of it. The campus is so diverse and I've learned so much about myself by just being here! I love it so much!
I love the campus. I was a transfer student who was well accepted by many students here. Cannot wait to join clubs this year.
Academically, I absolutely LOVE Temple university. I just feel like some things could be much better. For one, the food. These prices should be MUCH lower. Most of Temple's students are paying out of pocket to attend school, other students commute and don't have access to their funds on their diamond dollars.
Awesome school, awesome people. Use common sense because as much security as there is.. it is still located in North Philadelphia. Because it is so close to center city it is full of opportunities and taking the septa is quick and easy to learn. If you are looking to live near or in the city, but you still want be on a campus... Temple is for you.
great great school. love the vibe and the people!
Happy to be an owl.
Awful area, at least two reports of assaults or shootings per week. I felt unsafe just walking  two blocks to the train station. The students here were not the kind of people I wanted to be friends with. Dumpy buildings.  I was totally miserable here for the one year I went and couldn't wait to transfer out to a much safer, better, cheaper school.
Don't think twice about choosing Temple. Love it here.
Wouldn't choose any other school over Temple. I almost went to a different school and I'm so glad I chose Temple I love it here.
Temple is a wonderful university. It's a very diverse school filled with pretty cool people. It's in the heart of Philly and it's filled with so many activities. Best choice I ever made!
i love the school in general but the area is pretty bad.
The main campus of temple uni located at a  large gutter.
Awesome university in the middle of a great city. Love it here! Filled with diversity and great people.
Love Temple, great university
I like the energy at the school. This is my second year and I am very pleased with my experience so far. I am however very unhappy with the criminal activities, so keep your pepper spray handy. Everything else is pretty great. Library is awesome and the people who work there are very helpful, and so are the professors. #WeTheT
Great School, lots of connections. On the rise to say the least
Definitely not the nicest surrounding area but is expanding and getting better every year. So close to Center City Philly which gives a lot of awesome opportunities for internships, jobs, and fun social experiences. Outsiders have bad things to say but never met someone who actually went here that didn't love it.
Temple is one the best schools in Philadelphia. The tuition is not that bad and there is a lot of help on campus. The TECH Center is my favorite place in the whole school followed by Cosi in Pearson Hall. Love my school! Go OWLS!!
Honestly Temple is really sick.  There's literally always something going on.  From house shows to free food on friday nights to dorm room pregames, Temple is bound to satisfy anyone's interests/
Proud to be a temple owl
i love it
I absolutely love it here. Students get all the perks of being in a city, there's always something happening in Philadelphia. The school also does a good job of keeping students safe with a large security staff. If you ever get sick of eating in the dining hall, there's tons of food trucks & restaurants with great food. I highly recommend Temple!
I just came here in August and honestly I like the school a lot. There's always something going on, so if you're tired to studying and looking for something to do it's not that hard. If you don't like the dinning hall food, there's a bunch of surronding places to eat that you're bond to find something you'll like. Plus it's right in of the city.
Temple is so underrated but is the best choice you can ever make in life. Philadelphia has so many opportunities and Temple understands that, giving its students plenty of speakers, job fairs, internships, and even tickets to events in the city. Temple gives you all the resources needed to make college the best time of your life.
As an STHM student, the network is unbelievable, and there are numerous opportunities to be taken advantage of. The campus itself is rather meh compared to Upenn, the food situation needs improvement, but it's getting better. Best bang for your buck outside of community college.
so many opportunities, so many people who are very smart, but not full of themselves.
#TempleMade
Temple is in the middle of transforming itself into one of the most reputable schools in the country.
Pros: center city philly is 1.5 miles away Growing & improving buildings  2020 plan for campus layout sports teams & events are awesome Diverse student body off-campus parties excellent professors & courses   Cons: North Philly parking on campus living is boring 7 eleven
It's a great school. The library is ok but that's fine because they're building a new one which will be one of the best in the country. The area is nice because we're in Philadelphia and there are so many opportunities and fun things to do but the downside is we're in North Philly and there are some areas to avoid. Overall, it's a great school!
The university is well located and close to Center City. There are many options for mobility, but the area around the campus is somewhat dangerous.
Coming to Temple is the best decision I've ever made
Temple is great. Its located right in Philly and you can get virtually anywhere. There are TONS of amazing opportunities for its students. No reason why anyone shouldn't attend
Temple is cool. North Philly is a wake up call. Being someone from an urban area already (Chicago), and coming here, I have noticed it is mostly comrpised of suburban kids who are here to just get a degree--no one wants to push beyond their means and excell beyond their boundaries. Whhatever. Lots of opportunities here though. I like it.
Temple is great if you are open-minded!
Temple is very underrated, if you're considering the school, com check it out for yourself! the academia is great and the campus is awesome. plus you're right in Philadelphia!!
First year at Temple and I am so happy I transfered here ! I absolutely love it and the other students are very friendly.
I love Temple so far!! Lot of opportunities to explore everything from food, music, dance, studies to locations! In one of the most vibrant parts of Philadelphia, 2 miles from the center city, making it a vibrant and energetic campus. There's a club in everything for anyone and everyone. If there isn't, you can start one. :) Love my life here!!!
SO glad I chose Temple. During the week is lots of work but you can take breaks to head into center city and do tons of activities there. The food is killer, if you don't like dining hall food there are tons of other options around. Greek life isn't big unless you want it to be. Parties are fun. Philadelphia is the best place on the planet.
I'm from Philly so I commuted. Campus is basically an oasis in the badlands - i.e. don't wander off too far off campus, especially on your own. Social life is pretty good. Campus often feels alive as there's always something going on. Academically your mileage varies (esp. in business and science). Best thing to do for yourself is network.
Love!!! Temple!! Love the atmosphere here.
Leave your "omg isn't that a ghetto area?" and "I don't want to go there I'll get shot" BS behind. For the tuition price, location in the city, vast diversity you'll experience in professors and peers, and opportunities, Temple is the best choice in the area.
Campus within a city. Transferring to Temple was the best decision I have ever made. Being within a city makes it easy for internships and to network in a vast environment. Go owls!
I love Temple University and the overall atmosphere. The majority of the professors genuinely care about the well- being of the students and their overall success. It's a great school with tons of opportunities.
This school was not very interesting or friendly. Maybe it's because I'm in grad school and there seems to be more work but it's not very diverse. I also went to classes at night so not a lot of extra-curricular activities that I was aware of.
May take you a while to find your niche, but once you do, I promise that you'll never want to leave.
This is a poor place surrounded by an even poorer area. Tuition is marginally lower compared to Penn State, which has much better demographics and environment.
I transferred to Temple and It was the best decision I could have made! There is so much to do and be involved in. It is the kind of campus that you need to be involved with to have fun but its so worth it. There are so many connections for early internships, lots of job options, food is great and lots of diversity.
LOVE TEMPLE U.
I enjoy it here.
Love this school. Forget what anyone back home says. Regardless of the racist/ignorant students from Bucks county, the school is great. The professors are fantastic, I have yet to have a problem with one. Super realistic, and the city is fantastic. Finding an internship or job during or after graduation will be so easy!
Temple's campus is very different from your average collage campus. Its located in North Philly, minutes away Center City. One common misconception people have when deciding wether or not to attend Temple is that there is a lot of crime. I for one feel safer here than at home. Its not as bad as everyone says it is. Besides that, I love this school.
I decided to be spontaneous and chose Temple at random, Honestly the best decision I could've made. It's such a great university in all aspects.
Great
T FOR TEMPLE U BABY
love this school with all my heart 33333
This school rocks!
Easily the best college I've been to,  10/10 would attend again
Wouldn't want to be anywhere else. Met so many great friends here and got involved in clubs, Greek like, and band. 10/10
A wonderful University if you want to be in a city. If you love diversity and different perspectives and want a truly well-rounded experience Temple is for you. I love this University so much that I'm coming back for my Graduate Studies here.
The Temple reputation is growing now faster than ever! We are also getting a new library but it won't be done before I graduate :(
LOVE this school. SO up-and-coming. Great public university. Really well-known business and medical schools. 10 minute uber or subway ride to center city. Great place to be young. Tons of amazing job, internship, and networking opportunities, amazing restaurants and bars, and Philly itself is really on the up. Wouldn't wanna go anywhere else!!
the most diverse, open-minded school to exist. everyone can find their own special place to fit in and the classes make you actually eager to learn and prepared for the real world. the best philly school hands down
Not sure what to be specific about to be honest..
This campus is very fun to be on.  It's really comfortable, open, and extremely safe.  The school itself is very well-known and for good reason.  So far my education has been really great, and the professors are awesome.
Don't let what you hear about the location scare you. Campus is actually very safe and only a 10 minute subway ride from Center City! It's a decent school with great social life and something for everyone for a pretty decent price.
More green space!
Something for everyone. Wonderful city, amazing people.
Decent university all around, but if you are not involved in anything, you easily find it boring
It's a nice school. But financial office, academic advisors and housing office are useless. Temple deleted my important documents and asked me to submit again. How can you delete that kind of documents?!?! Also, I emailed them 2013 and got reply 2015..... Hello??? It has been 2 years since I emailed you!
I felt like I fit in the second I got there. I do agree with others here that if you don't put yourself out there it can seem boring.
It's lit.
Temple is a great University that's trending upwards
Loved it!
This school is basically everything you could want in an urban school. There are endless majors, programs, people, etc and the social aspect of this school is awesome.
#TempleMade. There's nothing like Owl Town!
BEST SCHOOL DECISION EVER! If you decide to live off campus, do research! Temple is an awesome school but be very careful when walking around certain areas at night. There are police that patrole the area and will give you rides home.
Temple University is a fantastic growing State University. Because of it's dense campus many people often forget that it is the 2nd largest University in the State of Pennsylvania behind Penn State. The sports teams are well represented D1 teams, the social life is surprisingly active, and the University will do almost anything to land you a job.
Temple is  great university!
I just love the atmosphere here
I feel like some of the safety issues are overexaggerated, I've never felt unsafe on Temple's campus. Also, many professors and students are willing to help you out, creating a positive and fun environment. Go Owls!
Dining hall food and internet is bad at every college, and it's only unsafe if you're reckless. The school has some really good programs, and lots of helpful professors, but has a serious gentrification and community engagement problem.
When I was applying for colleges, I never in a million years expected myself at Temple. As soon as I committed and began my first semester, I have never been happier. Temple is my favorite place to be. I have made many friendships that will last a lifetime. This school gives me so many opportunities and I have never been more happy with my choice.
As someone born and raised in Philly, Temple embodies the spirit of the city. Party college in the middle of the ghetto with an enormous amount of social opportunities. Several really good programs offered such as the business, health, and communications schools. Very close to downtown, any food truck you can imagine, and many community resources.
As a freshmen living off campus, I absolutely love it here. It's only unsafe if you're stupid. There's Temple police at practically every corner. The internet is okay at times, most of my professors so far are great, and the atmosphere and the resources are incredibly useful. Tuition is cheap and Temple is all around a great school.
Love it!
Love this school so much! go Owls!
So far so good, love the diversity. The overall culture seems welcoming and being a commuter, the availability of classes really work with my schedule.
this is the best place in the world
Temple's location of just a few subway stops from the center of Philadelphia gives people a great amount of opportunities for concerts and different restaurants or shopping areas. Area surrounding campus is a little rough due to the people that have grown up around here are often poor. However, stay alert and you can really fall in love w/ the city
fun times
scary but awesome
Love it here!
Temple is fast becoming a University where students want to go to college. The opportunities are countless & the people you meet here are incredible. Their facilities are improving yearly & the academics are the best you will find around for the money. The area is a little shady but its getting better every year.
I love Temple, truly amazing opportunities for students.
Awesome school
Temple has a bad rep because of its location in North Philly, but it is anything but unsafe. Classes are almost all enjoyable, and the professors will always work with you. The student body is generally VERY liberal, so be prepared to get into a lot of arguments with fellow students if you aren't a democrat/socialist.
Temple is a pretty average school, all around. There's plenty of food everywhere, but almost all of it sucks. There's nice looking campus grounds, but the building interiors and bathrooms are filthy. There's lots of clubs and recreational spots, but they're pretty cliquey. Campus security is good but North Philly is still a hellhole. Its a solid C.
Temple is a great school. Been here for two years and they have really improved many of the facilities here. They are still constructing new buildings and keeping up to date with technology. Professors are great and extremely helpful. Easy to get around and lots of things to do.
Temple is alright. It is no Upenn, especially due to the dangerous location. And even if you don't have a bunch of friends, your phone is always blowing up due to the amount of TU security alerts sent out. The students are all around nice and the professors, just like any other school is a hit or miss. Overall, a good school.
Good school not great surrounding campus. If you can get past that you will love it here
I wasn't even going to look at Temple, but one of my friends dragged me here and I fell in love. Theres so much to do here, I'm never bored. I feel safe and security here is your friend, not people that you're scared to get caught by. Theres a ton of food options, and my dorm is beautiful with 2 bedrooms 2 bathrooms a living room and a kitchen!
A lot of people bring up the concern for safety at Temple, but there's nothing to be afraid of since there's security on bike, foot, and car everywhere you turn. Center Philly is only a 15ish minute subway ride away, so you'll never get bored. The student body is extremely diverse, so don't be shy of being immersed in different cultures!
A great city campus w/o feeling like your missing the college experience. Large student population and like any PWI there's ignorance but everyone's is pretty woke for the most part. Lots of off-campus living options and you're 15 min from center city, and the subway stop is right next to Morgan. Teachers are hit or miss like any other uni
Aside from being two steps away from poverty in "scenic" North Philly, it's a really great school. I have not said once since I've gotten here that I'm bored or there's nothing to do. Facilities are great, especially the gyms. SUPER liberal campus, which turns some away (me), but if you can stomach that, you'll be fine. Would definitely recommend!
Great University, I love Temple!
Temple was the best choice I ever could have made as a transfer.
Overall, I am so glad that I chose to come to Temple. I would highly recommend looking for off-campus housing and not getting a meal plan. Campus is extremely safe, and as long as you use your head going off campus, you'll be fine. There's so much to do in the city, which is a big bonus of going to Temple!
Temple is a great school for many opportunities considering it's in Philly.  As a business manor theres so many job opportunities in the surrounding areas.  People say safety its really a concern but you have to be careful always.  It's in a good location because theres so many things to do in Philly.
Transferring here was the best decision of my life so far. I love it and am proud to be a Temple Owl. Only down side is safety for the most part. On campus you are fine. Walk three steps off campus and you better watch yourself. Also... They could use an on campus football stadium. The Linc is fun but sucks to have to commute there every Saturday.
I am a transfer student and I am a million times happier here than at my last school (Pitt). Although both schools are similar in size, I feel like less of a number here and think Temple's atmosphere is extremely positive and welcoming. Professors are pretty cool and Philadelphia allows for endless opportunities.
Commuting to center city is so short it provides you with amazing opportunities for experiences and jobs, and makes the location perfect. The internet is spotty, but they always seem to be trying to fix it. There are so many food options on campus, you don't have to eat the same things Campus safety is fine, just use good judgement and it's safe
Good school, terrible neighborhood though.
Let's stop dissing this school for the location. The real city is a subway ride away, and it's not hard to use good judgement and stay safe. I don't have a single complaint about the school itself. A new library is on the way and it's going to be beautiful. Temple has a great collection of books and they deserve the space.
Great campus. Very good academics. Great Div 1 teams. HUGE party scene.
Temple really made me feel comfortable and happy with my decision to come here. you won't find a more caring staff and faculty and energized student body else where, a plethora of clubs and student run organizations will fit at least one of your interest. North Philadelphia isn't Kansas but as long as you aren't 20 blocks off campus at 3am youre ok
Philly
Have been here five years and the education is great, although most classes are certainly left leaning. Parties are fun for your first year, but will get old. Sports are good and the city is only a subway ride away.
Temple is my second home!
Temple is a great school with a mix of older and more modern buildings. The campus is always improving and the dorm food is actually bearable compared to food at other colleges. There are plenty of ways to get involved on campus, you just have to make an effort.
Temple is a very liberal campus; however, even if you are at the opposite end of the spectrum like me, it is still extremely easy to fit in and absolutely enjoy. Amazing faculty, academics, clubs and athletics. Great opportunities to conduct research. It's five minutes from center city so there is ability things to do to never be bored. Parties!!!
Hated the school but location is great
Many degree programs at Temple cost around $20k per year, twice the national average for state schools. Quality of education is worse than my local community college. Evening scheduling is terrible, considering classes are spread across three different campuses, most beginning too early or too late for commuter students working full-time.
Tuition for most bachelor degree programs are nearly $20k a year, twice the national average. In my opinion, the quality of education isn't as good as my local community college. Evening classes are difficult for commuter students, considering they are scattered over three different campuses, begin too early or end too late.
If there was a way to measure the country's most "up-and-coming" Universities, I'm sure Temple would easily make the Top 5. With it's recent commitment to research and upgrading facilities, I can definitely see Temple ranked in the US News Top 100 within the next 4 years.
Overall great school. So many food options on campus, and there are so many more just a quick subway ride away. The education you get is amazing (just be sure to check in with your advisors often) just be wary that the workload can add up if you are not careful.
love temple for the good and the bad
Don't fall victim to their "bait and switch." They publicize their cheapest tuition, $15k, but they use multi-tier tuition rates, resulting in tuition rates as high as $20k, for in-state tuition... In my opinion, PA residents need to complain to the state government.
Overall a great school!
I would never want to go to another school.
It's alright.
Not the greatest...
Good school, should def stop by for a campus visit if considering colleges
Temple is a really great school in general. The campus is completely safe with TU police everywhere. Outside campus, is another story. But if you are smart about it you're fine.  TONS of places to eat and hangout. Lit parties off campus. 24/7 tech center to study. Accredited for many programs.
I went for one semester and couldn't deal with the filth that they call "North Philly". If you do go here, DO NOT choose Peabody Hall!!!
Definitely dont want to graduate
Love this school!
Beautiful campus, North Philadelphia isn't the safest place though. Food trucks are awesome but campus food is greasy as it is in most universities. Facilities are O.K. but improving.
Its a nice space. Its my first year and i really enjoy it here.
I transferred into Temple in Fall of 2016. Great school, North Philadelphia and the people that go along with it just aren't exactly the greatest. Stay on campus and you'll be fine though. Most of the facilities are great, though I attend Fox so Alter Hall is top-notch compared to some other buildings.
Temple is a unique school, everyday there is something going on. It's a great city environment with lots of culture. True sometimes it can feel like not the safest, but if you are smart, you should be fine. I am going into my fourth year and I never regretted my choice in coming to Temple, it really is a great school.
I love temple for Philadelphia. It's a party school for the record. And people do a lot of sketchy things that not everyone can get away with in North Philly. It's a solid choice, It's a place people transfer TO not from. Many transfer students, perfect diversity. Weed and alc and some drugs. Artsy people and dumb white kids. Opportunity. Food truk
Temple was one of the best decisions I made. It's in a super convenient location, the social scene and local attractions are fantastic, my professors are all amazing, and I rarely have free time because I'm so involved.  I got to see Bernie, Hilary, the pope, and Obama because of living in Philly. Honestly, don't know why it has a bad reputation.
Temple will always be known for having hard-workers who couldn't quite make it to more elite schools. There are clubs for everyone and Temple kids love to get down on the weekends. The actual campus isnt that interesting unless you like sitting around a bell tower (Theyre supposed to be making a quad that looks cool).Go to center city for more fun.
Temple University is what you make of it. There are definitely the resources to be successful however they aren't highly forced upon you. Temple does have a reputation of being a "party school" however, very few parties actually go on here. If you are going to a college for its high social life or stellar academics, Temple isn't for you.
Great school. honestly love going here
I'm starting my first year here at Temple and I can honestly say, I do not regret it. The energy, the professors, the staff and the atmosphere is contagious. I can say that it was probably the best decision that I have made thus far. Granted, it can change, but currently, I'm happy and I recommend the university if you want a university experience.
Temple is the best
No regrets about coming to this school at all.
The campus is a perfect size and is such a short ride to center city. The surrounding area is not that safe, but as long as you're smart about where you are, you'll be fine. There are over 100 clubs from sports to academics to Greek life, so you'll definitely fit somewhere.
Awesome food, awesome people. Awesome classes and teachers. You will love it here.
Best school ever
Temple U is a really great school with many opportunities. The dissonance between the surrounding community and the university leaves something to be desired, though. However, I have lived off campus for two years and have been perfectly fine. Keep your head about you and you will have a wonderful time here!
Temple gets a bad wrap for being located in North Philly. I love it because you get the connections of being minutes away from a major city, yet you aren't right in the middle of all the commotion. TU has a club for everything (+Greek life) and it's a D1 school with awesome football tailgates at the Lincoln Financial Field (where the Eagles play!)
Temple's a good school. Best part about Temple is the endless opportunities for research, internships, study abroad, etc.  A downside is the political climate on campus. Every prof I've had has been clearly biased, and "protests" or other demonstrations are rather common on campus, which can be an inconvenience when your path to class is blocked.
Wonderful professors, diverse city, FANTASTIC food options, infinite clubs and student life, perfect campus, not always the safest but for the most part it's safe as long as you're smart about your surroundings. LOVE the students, everyone has their own style. LOVE Philadelphia and the closeness to Center City. Would not want to be anywhere else.
Great place for school
Amazing faculty, distinguished research, and lots to do. Safety isn't a problem if you use good judgement. Immersing yourself in party culture is going to make you less safe and less academically sound, so trying to act like an adult is all you need to do. Only con: academics here are honestly a little too easy, but you can seek out challenges.
I love it here.
It's a good school with good opportunities but you actively take part in gentrification.
THE BEST
Temple is located in the heart of North Philadelphia and surrounded by so many amenities. It's a huge campus with tens of thousands of students so you're more than likely to make some friends! The party scene is hot, and there are a ton of clubs to join. There's something for everybody!
I love Temple! So fun- no complaints!!!
I honestly love Temple. I feel as though it has opened me up to so many opportunities I had never even thought of before arriving here. There are so many professors that are helpful and respected and there is so much to do. The food sucks most of the time, which is a negative. But the school itself is great.
I love temple so much, I am almost done with my first semester and I already love it here. Party Scene is great and also the professors are good. WOULD RECOMMEND
Temple is a great school if you love city life. Being in philadelphia you have mad opportunities to do almost everything. Temple offers literally almost every fast food chain, extensive fitness classes, challenging courses that'll make you work, and gives you connections to everywhere.
Temple is an overall a great school to go to. Although, it has its advantages and disadvantages like other colleges.
A trip to LA for Temple's internship program proved how much my FMA degree was worth: a lot. I was better equipped for the industry than every other student I met. I value the education I received every day, my only criticism being the institutionally unnecessary difficulty in parlaying those skills into meaningful work.
Temple is located in the heart of North Philadelphia, not always the safest but for the most part it's safe as long as you're smart about your surroundings. The actual campus isn't that interesting unless you like sitting around a bell tower. Temple is a pretty average school, all around.
Temple is a great school. It is not in the safest area but there are always loads of police around everywhere in addiction to Temple's own police force.
Temple is a great, sociable school but the neighborhood is a bit sketchy. Use good judgement.
they are the most respected university. students do want to come here to learn something new everyday. There are also clubs and other activities that students can join and there is always something happening on campus even if you don't want it to.
The thing I am most proud of for being Temple Made is the rich and diverse community that really does over-archingly want to make the world a better place. The energy from the students and faculty adds so much to Philadelphia. This was always true, and the world is starting to recognize it as Temple grows, and alumni continue great endeavors.
It's safe directly on campus but if you venture off campus and you're either not from/familiar with Philly or have no street smarts, there's a high chance something bad will happen to you in the 4 years you go to school here. Most of the professors are pretty liberal and a lot of the students are hippie dippy. Overall though, I'm glad I went here.
Temple is a great university. I am genuinely so happy that I came here. It is a well-rounded school with a great population of students and staff. Safety is always questioned, but if you make smart decisions and don't go anywhere you're not supposed to be you'll be fine.
You really have to take matters into your own hands if you want to get a good experience at Temple, but I think that goes for any college ever. Join intramural sports or clubs or student government. Get off your butt and meet people! That is when you'll fall in love with the campus. Be smart, and you'll be safe. Temple really is a great school.
Great campus with endless opportunities.
There are Temple and Philly police everywhere plus security guards on almost every corner. The location is not terrible if you are careful and respectful of the community. You are so close to many offices and attractions. The food is varied plus there are food trucks. There is so much to do here.
Temple was the greatest choice I ever made. Yes, it is not in the greatest of neighborhoods, but that should never deter you from coming here and assuming that you will be unsafe. I felt safer here than on many other college campuses at night.
Hands down THE best college.
Despite the iffy location, Temple is a great school where you will receive an outstanding education. I transferred here and feel as though it was one of the best decisions I've ever made. It's hard to be unhappy at Temple.
