I love Temple! Fox Business School is AMAZING. Your ten min away from Center City and there's always something to do. Everyone is so different and it's a very large diverse school. The location isn't the best, since it's North Philly, BUT it is getting a whole lot better. I love Fox and I love Temple, met some amazing people here
This campus has so much life and passion. Faculty cares about the students and the professors are well rounded.
Study abroad program to Italy is worth it!
Best decision I've ever made.
No place I'd rather be, but here! If you like big schools with tons of diversity, opportunities (career-wise and socially), and a excellent reputation... this may be the school for you! :-)
A lot of opportunities around campus and in center city. You can always find an internship and join the multitude of clubs Temple has to offer. They're currently reconstructing the library to make campus even better, and the SAC has great food now. PRETENDS to be a dry campus and tries give students fines if caught with alcohol. Overall very happy.
Look go there only if you wanna lose your sanity. I chose that school over many other schools and now i regret it every single moment. Horrible teacher horrible advisors and a horrible campus in a horrible neighborhood. If you wanna enjoy your undergrad years stay away from that school with all the efforts you have.
Im so glad i went to Temple. I really feel at home here
Offers the best aspects of Philly for an affordable cost. Eagles winning the super bowl turned the campus/city into the wildest party in the world.
Came all the way from Boston and I know I've made the right call. Stepped on campus and knew it was for me. If you're ready for a big campus school I can't suggest Temple enough.
Great school with many opportunities, lots of resources for everyone.
Food and social life is great. Working on campus is too. Use your best judgement in bad areas. Overall a great decision coming to Temple. I go to the Fox school!
Ye
Everything about Temple is amazing.
The school is great but you have to be careful in certain areas but center city is so close which makes the location bearable.
I love temple so much I have a tattoo of the Temple T. Everyone worries about the area but it really isn't that bad. Temple is like its own little town within the city. When you apply for a job or internship everyone knows an alum from temple and it makes you stand out. Temple Made
I transferred to Temple and it was a great decision. It a huge school in size but also in reputation in Philadelphia. Lots of great professors and a fun student body. There are some rough areas nearby but the campus itself is very safe and well maintained. Currently, Temple is putting a ton of money into some new buildings that all look amazing!
Temple is a wonderful place to go, as long as you're not scared of being in North Philly. However, Temple is always crawling with police, so the campus is very safe. There are tons of places to eat, things to do, and clubs to join. It's also super easy to go into Center City and explore. Campus is like a maze at first, but you slowly get used to it
At first, I was a little nervous being new to such an urban scene and Temple's crazy city life. After being here my first week I fell in love. Of course the food is alright and my roommate and I have definitely thrown fits over the internet connection before, but Temple has so much to offer. Great school, GO OWLS!
I love Temple. When you find your place on campus, you are open to so many opportunities socially and academically. It's really up to the student the make the most out of being at Temple. This is a school that has a place for absolutely everyone. The safety of the area is nothing to be worried about. Make the most out of your time here.
The campus has a large festival known as Temple Fest where all the clubs, fraternities, and sororities gather for students to identify their interests.
Temple is a great school. They strive to be better each year and push their students. Its supposed to be an Ivy League school, no jokes! Campus life is amazing and beautiful and you get to meet great people. Loads of diversity and the extracurricular scenes are good. Temple does have issues with integrating foreign students into the school.
I love Temple! The diversity is great and so is the school spirit!
Temple is a very good school in the sense that academically it is very career oriented. Most of your major courses will prepare you to get a job; however, if you're someone who wants to learn as much as you can about as many things as possible this probably isn't the university for you. It's very cookie cutter, but you'll make a lot of connections.
This school is amazing. I was between Temple, Penn State and Rutgers and TU blows both of them away. PSU is great but you live on a farm while Rutgers is in a dumpy part of a dumpy state.
I was down between Temple, Rutgers, and Drexel and don't regret choosing Temple one bit. Over my time as a student I realized Drexel doesn't have an actual campus and Rutgers is basically 5 campuses hastily put together via networks of buses. I am happy living in Philly and am challenged in the classroom. TU all the way!
Love this campus
I LOVED temple, I wish i didn't have to transfer. The school is incredible. The faculty is very well rounded and i've only met one bad professor during my time. It's so easy to make friends and join clubs there. Honestly, I could go on and on about it. Go owls!
Academics wise Temple is great!
I transferred to Temple from PITT and it was the best decision Ive made in my college career. Definitely suggest Temple to any and everyone.
In my opinion, Temple is dead average in just about everything except the campus. It's in the middle of the 'hood, North Philly, however is pretty safe due to campus police. 60% of the professors are horrible, while 35% are so-so, and 5% are phenomenal. Not sure if I can recommend going here, as it's very much a Your Mileage May Very experience.
I love everything about it
Great place to be. Love it here
Its great
Come to Temple
Temple feels like a second home to me. I am from Bucks County, PA and moving to the urban environment of Philadelphia is a change of course. I love it here.
Great campus, many advisors aren't as helpful as they should be, class registration is horrible, time slots for classes suck, many professors are not in it for the students, and the list goes on. But overall, Temple is a great community and you'll have a good experience.
not bad
Great university
TU is average in all aspects. Im not a fan of the school due to the non-helpful advisors, theres not many class of class time choices, theres more bad professors than good, and the campus location is not ideal. Its nothing special and kind of wish I didnt choose this school. I expected a lot more than what I got.
Temple is a fantastic school with tons of opportunities. Your education is what you make of it. Nobody will force you to take advantage of the ones you have but they are there so go take them and have an amazing time at this amazing university :)
Engineering classes keep getting cancelled due to low enrollment. This will delay my progress as a grad student. In fact, it will take me an extra year. Also wish some professors and advisors put a little bit more effort.
Love it here. Good education unsafe neighborhood!
It's a great school! Internet is the best, food is great a lot of options especially since the campus is 5 subway stations away from center city. Everyone here is friendly, always willing to talk. Great facilities especially with the new addition of the library & upgraded tech computers.
The school honestly is really great. The wifi in some of the res-halls and buildings are really spotty, but in study centers it's really good. The tech and library are awesome. Also, it's safe, but sometimes things not directly on campus/owned by Temple are a little sketchy, so just be smart. I really love this school though it's great!
I love Temple so much. I love being in the city - I haven't had any safety issues. The atmosphere and life on campus is always upbeat and exciting. I find myself doing something new all the time. I have made some of my best friends here so far and I can't wait for my next four years.
Limitless opportunity being located in the city and having a great reputation with employers. Facilities are all up to date and beautiful (especially newer buildings) and the professors are passionate and caring. I have never had any safety concerns nor have I known anyone who has.
BEST school if you're a foodie! The streets are all lined with great food trucks and carts. I've enjoyed each year more than the last at Temple. The school really has it together and is constantly advancing.
Such a vibrant and exciting campus and great classes to match. Only complaint is the advising. They're all pretty bad.
I am a commuter student since I hate living in the city and even though I drive over an hour to get to school, I wont transfer. I love Temple and the professors and people.
Temple is a great school in the heart of North Philly. The location around philly could look a little better but it is North philly so you can only expect but so much. Temple has its own sector of police so campus is very secure and they send message alerts of any disturbances. The facilities are top notch, lots of good food choices.
temple really has it all.
amazing opportunities
Temple is a good school to be at, I have enjoyed it a ton so far. You just have to be careful because it is a city. Liberal politics are everywhere so that might be a minus to some people. You can have a ton of fun here if you want to and it definitely has the big school vibe to it. I enjoy it here, if you like the city I think you'd enjoy it too.
I don't know how safety average is 3.2 but even in recent years it's quite dangerous not even two blocks from campus. Even within the campus isn't very safe at night. As someone who lived in the area for over 5 years it's definitely one of the more dangerous schools i know of.
I love Temple. I've made some great friends here. The campus itself is safe, get too far off of it, be careful.
Absolutely incredible school with endless opportunities.
overall good
Temple is a solid school, and there's something here for everyone.
Temple is amazing.
Not a bad school.
Temple is a great school, met a lot of new friends, diverse campus.
Great campus, Undervalued education, Great time being in the city nothing better
Temple is the perfect example of what a truly "urban university" should be, with an amazing diversity of students and faculty, and a broad range of major fields. Living on campus ("Templetown") is quite safe if you use common sense, the dorms are great, and Center City is only a few minutes away by train, subway, or bus.
Beautiful experience once in a lifetime oppertunity
Temple is amazing, I transferred here and I couldn't be happier. Living off campus is an amazing experience, just be more alert of your surroundings at all times. Temple is an amazing school
Love this place. You really have to put in work to get out results though, both for school and social life.
Temple is good in overall, but you can't find best in any place. But, Temple is growing. In last few years, Temple funded a lot in research work. I have seen new modern library, sport center, science research building, fox business building, two great student housing complex in last four years. It's really a lot improvement! Best wishes for T!
I transferred into Temple University from Community College of Philadelphia and I loved it.
I miss the old Temple. the party scene got wack after 2016, but once I turned 21 it was cool cause you can just chill at the bar or even venture out to University City. campus is cool, just stay away from obvious sketchy areas. late night food places suck since they got rid of u got munchies :( temple is amazing if you make the best out of it
Temple is an amazing school. You will receive an amazing education while in top of the line facilities. Students get so many perks, freebies ect. Off campus housing/on campus housing is great. There are a handful of dining option on campus and you can practically find anything within a block or two. Super close to practically everything in Philly!
fine
Amazing school at least for business. So many opportunities.
Temple is good if you live on campus. But if you're a commuter, it's pretty miserable. Clubs and events only happen at night, and it's near impossible to make friends if you don't live in the dorms. I pretty much go to class and go home.
Temple is a great place to be with great opportunities. People want to see you succeed. Ignore the ignorant comments about its location, living in a gated community in a mansion in the middle of nowhere like some others schools are does not help you transition to independent adult life. There are so many ways to get involved.
I just started here as a freshman and I honestly love it! I like my classes and I have a good amount of friends to balance a good social life and schoolwork. Dorms aren't the greatest, but they are fine. The food options are not the best and I wish I had a kitchen so I could cook my own food. Overall I feel like I'm getting a good education.
Temple has my heart forever.
Temple is such an amazing school with incredible opportunity and outstanding professors. When it comes to Temple I have no complaints. I am so grateful to have been able to attend Temple. If it weren't for Temple's academics, faculty, and connection to the city of Philadelphia, I would not be where I am today only 6 months post graduation.
Awesome campus and events
One of the only campuses that will make you feel at home no matter how far you live.
ok but could be better
Watch yourself, as North Philadelphia is a dangerous area. Stay on campus, unless in large groups. Great school though.
It's an amazing school, I never want to leave.
hoot hoot
yes
It's okay, it can be overcrowded sometimes.
Temple always gets a bad reputation for it being located in North Philadelphia. North Philly is a rough area all round but Temple campus is NOT! There are cameras everywhere and Temple Police are ALWAYS riding around and making sure you're safe! There her many blue emergency lights if needed but you should not need to venture far off campus at all.
Temple rocks.
I love my school, and I'm beyond happy with my choice.
Just be smart with how far off-campus you venture. Old library was superior. All of your relatives ask if you "feel safe".
There is only hype and no substance. Academically, ALL sciences are a disaster. The area is very dangerous. The campus has as much life as a graveyard. Services and staff are equally as horrible. And job resource situation is abysmal. Temple is better in nothing than other schools here. In retrospect, I'd def choose different had I known better.
Don't come to Temple and talk trash about it, if you're someone who won't put themselves out there and meet amazing people or get involved. Academically I had good a good experience, as for other friends not so much, it depends. Don't hesitate to go get help though! or form a study group. Temple charges you for every little thing though, watch out!
Do not go off-campus alone or at night. But the inside of the campus is safe.
Very disappointed and kinda regret going here. The school would rather build a huge dumb library that no one wants than do maintenance on other buildings. University cops would rather ride bikes in circles than do things like stop people trying to run over students or parking in the crosswalks. Prof.s were hit or miss but overall pretty bad.
I love this school. There are many clubs and opportunities so it is easy to make friends and get involved.
Great school, I love it here! 10/10 would recommend
I love Temple and wouldn't change where I go.
Temple was my dream school before I attended and it lived up to my expectations in every way. I wish JnH food was better and that the SAC was open later on weekends, but other than that I cant complain. I love going to school at Temple.
Best university in Philadelphia
Temple is a school that like many other things in life, sounds better than it really is. The school does not care at all for student success/happiness and allocates their funds and quality staff accordingly (if you don't play a varsity sport here, prepare to be treated like a peasant) This school is a nightmare, socially, academically etc.
I love Temple. I am so happy to have been apart of this community. Great staff who really care!
no thanks
Love this school so so much I could not have made a better decision coming here. I have met the best people and have had all around wonderful professors!
Once you step foot off campus you're on your own.
Temple is a great school in Philadelphia with fantastic resources and clubs, but like all city schools, the surrounding area can be tough sometimes. Be respectful and smart when walking around North Philly, and you'll be ok!
Best college experience!!! Besides the Starbucks workers at Student Center.
Better than the bad reputation it gets for its location.
I LOVE TEMPLE
Graduating in the film department this year has been quite a transition due to going online classing, however, I feel much more connected with the students and faculty then ever before. I enjoy all the memories at this institution and being a part of the A Capella community was a social benefit. My critique likes in the upper staff communication
I loved my time at Temple! The classes/professors are great and my favorite part about the university. The only bad part about the school is its location, but I always felt safe on campus. Teaches you street smarts, too. I had a hard time making friends as a very introverted person so you have to be pretty outgoing here.
good school
love it here
Overall not a bad school. Has some amazing professors but also some you cannot stand. The campus itself does a good job with safety with security on every corner but the apartment areas are less safe, Constant shootings and break ins. I love that it is near center city though because it makes the night life and weekends lively and fun.
Temple University is a great school to be at. It's huge on diversity and is a social school. You'll make a lot of friends in and out of classes. Their dorm experience is special, and campus is very safe. But Temple doesn't always listen to the needs and wants of students (especially during Covid-19), but other than that they're an astute school.
Love it here. Many people are concerned about safety, but you just have to be aware of your surroundings, I've never had any issues.
Location might be a bit sus but theres always girls walking half naked to parties at night. Besides the social scene, professors are great at Temple.
I love Temple. So nice to be in the city because you can take the subway or walk anywhere you could want to go. Temple's campus is nice because it still has a campus feel while being in the city.
Great school. Very organized structure, amazing professors, and a community like no other.
Temple is best for Bio majors!!!
Great reputation and good alumni network. Campus security could be better.
I love Temple. There is always something going on here and you will never get bored. The University has a lot of new updates so it looks modern and nice.
Temple is a great school but the crime in North Philadelphia is heavily under-reported. All you need to do is compare North Philadelphia's murder-per-capita rate to other districts, cities, and nations and you will quickly realize that North Philadelphia was one of the most dangerous places in the world in 2019.
I loved Temple prior to COVID. However, their response to covid and their decisions regarding it have been idiotic, no questions asked. The food around campus is great- you gotta try a lot of the food trucks. However, I highly recommend attending community college first then transferring to a 4 year school.
