Temple is what you make of it. If youre really extroverted and make it a point to join a lot of clubs/put yourself out there, you can have a lot of fun. If you're introverted then you'll struggle a bit more, but that's with every college. Also, for the love of GOD go outside of campus, Philly's a cool city but so many people just stay in the bubble
Very safe campus. The surrounding area isn't as dangerous as the whites make it seem lol just be cautious of your surroundings and you'll be fine. Definitely don't limit yourself to campus, explore the city. The business school has a lot of tener prof's meaning they don't care about u but some are good.
I love going here overall. The location is a little dangerous, but what you would expect at any city. The opportunities you get here are great being that Temple has so much to offer. There are also great food options near by.
good school, but not the greatest. about what youd expect being in north philly.
Temple is pretty accepting of all cultures. It's also a great school for networking.
Love it here, just dont be an idiot. Campus is hella nice.
Its lit
pretty goo
The school provides opportunities whether that be on Temple's campus or networking outside in the city!
Temple has a good MIS program.
You can come here and not care and still get a degree, or you can come here and put the work in and you'll be rewarded accordingly. Temple is what you make it.
Dangerous campus, horrible reputation, should have paid more and went to a legit college.
Temple is diverse, not just in the community but also in terms of the availabilities of majors and classes they have to offer. The professors are brilliant and sincere. There is plenty of space to study and chill on and off the campus. Also, the food trucks are AMAZING! I'm going to miss this place :-(
crime has gone up- arm yourself with pepper spray and self defense (they offer self defense classes here) and be alert and be in groups. you're most likely more than fine if you stay on campus.
Great school
Temple has so much to offer and the academics here are rigorous depending on what you want to make of it. If you want to go to a social school Temple has all of it. Safety is a concern but there are so many features to keep you safe on campus. The school will also send you emails on internships.
Can't get enough of how immensely fantastic this school is. The best profs and so many opportunities for undergrad/grad students who go here.
PLEASE beware of the area, bring pepperspray everywhere and be alert 24/7. Frats are cool tho
Temple university is a great school for anyone looking for a city school especially in Philly. The surrounding area is a bit concerning, so always be aware.
I did most my classes online. It's nice things are opening back up. It's a shame I'm not going to get to see it because I'm graduating. If you are looking for a city school, Philly offers tons of options that aren't in North Philly.
Its in a bad area and very unsafe. The food isn't that good either at Morgan dining Hall.
Just be safe, have fun, and get that degree!
Freshman here, I adore Temple. I never want to leave. Not super safe but it makes up for it in other aspects.
I am graduating from Temple in a month have had the best experience I could imagine at Temple. There are so many opportunities and organizations to be a part of. The food trucks are amazing and I wish I could have eaten more there. The area and safety will always be an issue. Use your best judgement and you will be fine. I have never had an issue.
The professors are great but everything else is not worth the money
Absolutely love it here. I really found my calling on what I want to do after graduation because of the wide array of GenEds here and how helpful everyone is. I love my major so much. I love Philadelphia - lots of places to go, things to see, and opportunities to take on, however, the area the campus is in is super shady. Greek life here is vile.
stay on campus, eat the sweet and sour chicken (orange chicken is ok too if they don't have the sweet and sour sauce)
Professors are cool, it is what you make it
the university is great
