good school but financial aid department is TERRIBLE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
This campus is very open I feel like there should be more security on duty. This university is also very unorganized. There are few parking spaces they should expand the parking. Lastly, the food in the cafe isnt good the same thing is being served almost every other day.
If you are thinking about attending school choose wisely however Albany State isn't a bad option just the environment itself. It's located in a small area where there's not much to do. The food in the cafe is not something I would plan to eat every day. The social life is great there's, several people to communicate with. You wouldn't be left out.
It's alright overall
If youre from a city town and not use to a small town this isnt the place for you. Its a lot of parties and clubbing, not too much to do other than that. Like arcades, go karts, bowling, the student center has a lot of activities though. Visitation for freshman 2-8pm which is ridiculous. But there isnt a curfew. Last minute college decisIon tbh
The school itself is very unorganized especially financial aid, and events. They need group sessions /rotations for certain things like orientation,events,etc instead of having 500+ in one place at once. The food is okay, you get tired of it eventually but they try to have a variety. West dorms are nice. Nothing to do in this town tho, just parties
Its fun school
Rates are nothing, its about what you make it. Albany isn't that bad.
It's just a good campus. Just watch out for crime.
Every day we get alerts for shootings, robberies, and various crimes. The activities are boring and the teachers are not helpful when it come to mentoring, helping prepare for jobs or anything for that matter. The admission&finical aid office is horrible and will take months to complete 1 task. Its extremely hard to thrive in this school.
Albany state isnt a bad school, like every school it has room for improvement! But overall the school is nice & there are nice dorm but you must complete the housing as soon as it open or you will be stuck with a sucky room. East campus is lit but its dangerous & crime is most likely to happen there. Cafe food is good for a month than its trash
Just finished my first semester and it was HORRIBLE. I almost gave up trying to get registered for classes once I was accepted. I had to continuously email different people. Forget calling. Financial aid is a joke. One of the professors I took was probably be the worst I have ever had. I am an online student, Albany is a very dangerous place!
Great school over all
I have enjoyed my time here at Albany State University. If you are not outgoing or not open to meeting new people, you will not thrive here. I am majoring in biology and this department is very helpful. Joining organizations has helped with networking. Yes, Albany, GA has a high crime rate, but in my opinion the campus is safe.
