A small university which I see as a good thing. Great professors as well as small and interactive classes. Great access to the Black Hills were there is plenty of outdoor things to do. Negative: The female to male ratio is what you can expect at any technological institution... Anyways, Rapid City is a great place to live and study.
This is a small engineering school.  Don't rule it out just because its South Dakota.  The professors are top-notch, and the campus community is welcoming.  The facilities are very good, especially the labs.
It's easy to get into, but it's hard to stay in, the classes are difficult...but if you can make it through, you'll have no problem finding a job, this school has an excellent reputation
This school is awesome. If you are looking at attending this school, and you have a geek side to you, you will likely fit in just fine here. There is a little bit of every type of geek here so there is a place for everyone. You should pick this school.
There is always something to do so you never have to worry about getting homesick. Between hanging with friends, going to classes, and studying, you will still have time to join clubs and make new friends.
This is the best bang for your buck if u want an engineering degree. There is a good degree of social awkwardness, which can be hilarious, but the people are very nice. The profs. are very helpful and want you to learn. Overall it is a challenging school but it is all worth it.
I went to a large University before transferring, I wish I had gone here, first i love it
This school is perfect for the geeks that were left out in high school. The teachers are mostly great with a few bad ones, but the overall education is great.
Poor parking/accessibility (extreme weather and a 1/2 mile walk from the parking lot to class is awful). Outrageous prices for both parking/meals. Food selection/variety offered does not warrant the buffet price. A'la carte food prices are worse than convenience stores (and quality lacks as well). Good-excellent teaching staff with few exceptions.
Great pay after
Review
Dis school da bomb
good campus if your going to be an engineer. otherwise, don't bother...
Study. All. The. Time.
Get me out of here!!!
If you can survive the frozen tundra crawling with nerds, you get out of here with a great job. Don't expect social people... it's an engineering school. Tough classes, minimal girls, bad sports teams. Overall a good choice for your future. If you're looking for a place to live it up and get the "typical college experience," look elsewhere.
Rapid City is definitely a place to do things. Go out and have some fun outdoors!
