Great school if you use it correctly. Many people just go to class and get their degrees, but there's so many ways to get involved and make things more enjoyable.
For a STEM school, it's a heck of a fun campus, if... you get out of your room and look for the sunshine.  Most people that I have met here a very confident and very friendly, so that makes for generally happy campus.  Lots of very bright people who for the most part are down to Earth.  Sure, there's the occasional oddball.  Tough academics.
My time at mines was truly unforgettable. The professors are great, the school has a great reputation, and the placement rating is unbelievable. I accepted a job a semester before I graduated, and they started me at 75k a year. Also, it is one of the only schools in the country where the average starting salary is higher than the total tuition cost
Good education but not much else..
You get out of it what you put into it- if you want to lock yourself in your room and game all day, you can. If you want to go out, you can. The classes are hard, but it's an engineering school. They should be. The people are friendly, the professors care, and the opportunities after graduation are numerous. Personally, I love it here.
Tough school but you can make it out alive if you give it your best.
The school is great for an education. Most professors are pretty good. The school has a fairly active video game community. People aren't as nerdy as one might expect. If you want to drink you can, but you will flunk out faster here than other schools if you aren't wise. Girls are a highly valued commodity, as very few exist. Not everyone is smart.
The reputation is outstanding in the industry. The black hills are your back yard with lots of outdoor activities. The job fair makes sure you'll always have jobinternshipco-op but Lets face it, If you are a M.E. or Civ.E. you cannot expect the same type of active hiring anywhere. Food is over priced and your at an engineering school so no social
Great campus everyone is smart and not as nerdy as you would think. We all get along pretty well. There is a lot to do in the Rapid City area especially if you are interested in outdoor activities. Wi-fi could be better but is has improved since last year. Food is alright nothing special.
I like it here!
The school is very gloomy. Students are doing nothing except playing video games. NO PARTIES AT ALL! The food is awful. I feel like i'm far away from civilization in this school. However, very professional and respectful professors.
Great education at a fantastic price. Academics are rigorous, but what do you expect at an engineering school? As hands-on of an experience as you want to make it with access to a fully equipped machine shop and CAMP teams such as Baja SAE, Formula SAE, etc. Job opportunities are endless if you can put in time and get out alive.
Great school. Life sucks here, but that's because it's a tough education, and they make you work for it.
Little happening on the social front. To be honest, the biggest thing this school has going for it is the reputation. Many of the staff are rude and unprofessional, there is little social standing, and many buildings need updating.
Great reputation. If you come here and do well, you can expect to go far in life. Other than that, there's not much to this school. It's extremely rigorous, and seems like it's supposed to weed out everyone that isn't extremely dedicated to their major. Bad internet for a tech school, and food isn't great. Black Hills are what keep me here.
It's a Good Campus
If you are willing to work hard and really want to be an engineer, this is a great place. The Black Hills offer a plethora of outdoor activities when it's nice outside, and Rapid City is very quaint.
Great school
Reputation: Academically, perfect college. Internet: Average. Library: Average. Social: Everybody is nerdy. Opportunities: Average. Location: Rapid City sucks/unsafe, The Black Hills are beautiful. Food: GROSS. Campus: Old/Ugly. Happiness, Everybody is mad/sad. Clubs, Average. Overall: ONLY attend if you SERIOUSLY want to be an engineering major.
Basically, you come here to get your degree and get out. Food sucks, internet is choppy, the work is extremely difficult.
The Campus is well known, but it is also really tough. The food that Aramark serves us is usually Horrible. There is not much to do around here unless you like the outdoors.
Good school if you're really interested in engineering.
If you love the outdoors this is the place to go. Lots of great hiking and climbing nearby. There are also plenty of clubs and organizations to choose from.
This school is not for everyone, you really have to love it here to stick with it. Lots of students come and find out its not for them. Great education, great professors (pick the right ones), really difficult so it's not a good party college (seriously we're a bunch of nerds out here, what do you expect?). Overall, I think it's a great school!
So far I have been liking the school the only 2 things I can't stand is the internet connection and the food
Great education for the price
School has a lot of opportunities to get an internship/job/co-op whatever. The area sucks unless you're 21, not a lot to do at all (unless you're out-doorsy).  Not a ton of places to eat other than the typical fast food. School is really easy to get into, but hard to stay.
Fantastic if you really want to be an engineer and don't mind a microscopic campus
school is very hard but graduate and you become a living legend
Very difficult school, but well worth it if you can make it to the end. The internet is horrible, as well as the food, but the classes and professors make the school worth it.
It's pretty much what you'd expect from an engineering school. We're all pretty socially awkward, but everyone's really nice. There aren't a lot of girls here, if that's of concern to you. Be aware that if you're the type of person that's incredibly particular about your GPA, you are going to be unhappy.
it had to be placed in the low income place, so don't go out alone at night
Worth Studying Here!
Mines is a small school, and comes with everything you would expect from one. It is not a school for those who aren't dedicated to their field, and many leave after their first year. If you know what your goals are, and you are willing to work pretty hard, you will do fine.
