This school will put you through a lot. There will be times that you think you may not make it, but you will. I have never seen a place where you can learn as much as you can at mines. Excellent school that really tests a persons ability.
Decently sized school, leads to better communication between students and faculty, ECE department currently on fritz, but expected to be resolved as current school president is ECE. Plenty of good opportunities to see the outdoors, has a fairly large number of clubs and most rooms are club-friendly in that they can be reserved for an occasion.
The upper administration of the School of Mines were former politicians and had no expertise in education. Their administration resulted in good faculty leaving and/or retiring from the school. The buildings and labs are outdated and old. They do not invest in renewal of the lab equipment, or facilities. Do not waste your time with them.
Would suggest going somewhere else for engineering. The last college president was proud that "their is no easy class at Mines". The Profs here really embrace this motto by writing tests that have very little to do with what you have learned; followed by strict grading with no curves. The average student here takes 6 years for a 4 year degree.
good school all around
This school is REALLY hard. I did not expect to be so stressed out all the time, and I never did this poor academically at the challenging high school that I attended. However, I know that as long as I graduate, I'm set. Graduation from Mines all but guarantees a very good paying job after college.
Excellent school, if you want a good education in science or engineering this is your school. Many clubs on campus, anywhere from professional societies to fraternities and sororities. The teachers and school care to help you learn and pass if you put in the time to help your self.
School is in a nice area and is respected by a lot of popular companies. Main issue is the food, not very many options and the options they have arent very good.
The university is respected by potential employers and I feel like I'm receiving a quality education.
This school has great choices for STEM majors. Honestly, for the price and quality of education that you receive, I couldn't be happier that I found this place for my education. At the time of my graduation, a lot of new facilities were planned but I wasn't around for them to become reality. A we'll respected school kin the beautiful Black hills.
Great place if you want a small engineering school but beware, make sure you're up to the task.
It's an amazing school filled with the most genuine people. The professors truly care about you. The school has so many clubs for the size, there's one for everything, if not it's super quick to start your own. The local area is the best so many outdoor options great downtown. The career building is the thing the school is the best at!
People within and around SDSMT are some of the kindest, most caring people I've ever met in the US. Most professors, regardless of whether it is a hard or easy class, truly wanted you to succeed in class and life. For its price, I believe I got more than I deserved. However, food in cafeteria barely change and internet does randomly DC.
Great School. Best return for your investment.
Ive never really fit in anywhere but here. The professors almost all want the best for you and to see you succeed. Its not easy, definitely be ready for one of the toughest things youll ever do, but its so much fun and definitely worth it. Lots of internship opportunities and plenty of job fairs
This school is one of the toughest out there, and you wont make it here without a good work ethic, no matter how smart you are. Happiness here among students is generally on the low side. However, the opportunities, networking, and education are some of the best. If youre dedicated, youll love it; if not, not so much.
Rapid City and the Black Hills offers a lot to due year round- especially outdoors. There are a lot of bars and clubs downtown you can pick from on Friday and Saturday nights. I'm from pretty far away and this has become my home away from home since I have made so many new friends. The food, is rough for sure, but besides that the dorms are nice.
The administration for this school and the board of regents as a whole have their heads so far up their asses they completely lost touch with reality. The school itself is a massive scam! They hide graduation details in fine print (or not even in print), and don't tell you its an issue until the semester of graduation! Avoid SD BOR at all costs!
a school full of pretentious u know what.
SDSMT is a nice smaller school. Classes are hard but overall the return on investment is great. All the buildings are really well kept even though some are on the older side. Campus security works 24/7 and has helped me jump start my car a lot and overall make you feel safe on Campus. Surbeck Center is open 24/7 and is a decent place to study late.
It aight
good school if you're a nerd. nobody here is sane so if that fits you, join in. Most everyone soared through HS so grading is tough and sometimes you'll just be happy to pass. don't take it personally when your GPA is trashed by the harsh grading. and if you're keeping a 4.0, watch your mental and physical health.
It's not a well-reputed STEM college or a party school, but it's alright if you wanna study for a year or two and transfer into a better university - It's a budget school. The students, however, are awesome! I like all my peers - they're nice and helpful. They're reliable resources and have your back (for the most part).
Im sad to say that the quality this place once was known for is disappearing. Undergraduate education is decent at best. Graduate education is terrible, no health insurance, low stipends that do not cover tuition and surprisingly high cost of living. Sadly this place probably will not exist in 20 years with the current decline of quality
The school all depends on what you put into it. I am a part of Greek life and on the dance team and a part of multiple professional societies and I love it. My classes are hard but they are worth it. The career fairs are huge and you get to meet so many great companies. I have gotten many job offers as just a sophomore. I recommend the school!
Amazing Academics and Career Development opportunities at a very reasonable price. However it's only as good as you make it to be. Dorms are sub-par, food sucks; Highly recommended to live off campus. One of the most valuable aspects are the people you meet - mad scientists and nerds everywhere. Get involved, do extra curriculars. Great School
I love this school!
Alright school with a good education. Greek life is probably the best thing on campus.
Doesn't really seem like faculty cares about students.
