Caldwell College sucks!!! They take all of your money to spend it on international student!!! Living on Campus is similar to living in prison. TO MANY STUPID RULES. The RA's are all international student who cant wait to write up an American. The only good thing about Caldwell College is Tau Delta Phi. The town sucks, the teachers are dumb.
They need to do something to improve the faculty.  More than once I have gotten the impression they just want to take your money and forget about teaching.  Seems like a waste many times.   Why not just collect tuitions and send people a degree.  Save on the faculty pay if that is the way they feel about it.
Not professional enough
The low student to teacher ratio gives the professors the chance to get to know the students and focus in on specific students and problems. The campus is gorgeous.
I love this school!!! I am very sad that others feel the opposite. This school is great to get to because if my car breaks  down I can just take the bus it leaves you right in front of the college. I love the size because everything is easy to get to and parking is never a problem. Everyone is very very nice and I love the area.
The campus is very safe, secure and friendly. There aren't a lot of activities on campus, but it is quiet enought to make sure you get all your work done. The professors are very friendly and are willing to spend extra time with you if you need it. The food isn't the best, but all college food is the same.
Caldwell is a really good school.  They did their part in giving me the education I needed, it was my responsible to keep up.  Even though I did OK, I know I could have done better if I actually applied myself.  I highly recommend this college
This school is awful. It is run by organized people who have no idea what they are doing
Even though it's a small campus, it's great place to be at.
Caldwell College has some excellent teachers, but the administration is terrible.  I would recommend ANY school before caldwell college. The great professors are ruined by the incompetence of the staff.  Campus is incredibly small and mostly commuters.  There is not much of campus life, do yourself a favor get your college experience anywhere else.
this is not a school . i honestly would have chosen community college over this place. DO NOT , i repeat DO NOT even waste your time and money applying , the school is run by a bunch of chickens with their heads cut off and let me tell you , i live on campus , BIGGEST mistake ,especially if you don't have a car. TAKE MY ADVICE , YOU'LL THANK ME !
Best decision i ever made
its great
if you are thinking of applying to caldwell, please do yourself a favor and go to one of the other local schools in north jersey! william paterson, montclair, all better schools for less money.  This institution should be ashamed of themselves for the way they conduct business.
I'm extremely satisfied with my decision to attend Caldwell College. The atmosphere is always great and for a small school, it offers a lot. I'm proud to hear that we will be turning into a University. Also, I am a student athlete and I absolutely love it. Great College. Highly recommend anyone looking to come here.
When I first chose Caldwell, I wasn't too sure if it was the proper decision.  But, my God I was wrong!  I'm in love with the school - I have met the most amazing people here and have learned so much already.  Through the help of the English department, I'd learned enough to be published.  Choose Caldwell, I promise you won't be sorry!
It is not a party school and very small. You will see the same people everyday. And you need to join a club to enjoy on campus events more.
the size of the school, it's to small school.
A lot of the people here are immature and like to be the center of attention it get's annoying fast.
BEAUTIFUL
I would not attend or recommend this school again!
THE GOOD PART: the professors f0or the most part are amazing, except for a couple but thats any university.  SAD PART: The administrators w.c. and dean that run this school act like children. that is just embarrassing. They talk about students run around acting like 6 year olds at a sleepover party. these are grown women 50 or so. really sad.
The campus is small and safe. The professors are great and the classes are pretty small as well. There is a lot of parking and the academic buildings are close together. There aren't a great deal of majors. I wanted Social Work but they don't offer it here. Overall, I like the atmosphere.
Very good university overall
Caldwell is  the perfect place for me! I have made life time friends and have received a great education. Caldwell is small however it is charming and very close to NYC! There is always so much to do. If you are looking for a small University Caldwell should be your top choice!
