The nursing program is the worst program in the world. All the people in the department see rude and not helpful at all. Let's just say I wish I invested my money elsewhere.
Great school as long as you make the best out of it you cant be sour and expect a good experience.
Awesome school if you're serious about your education. The teachers are there for you through the worst and best times. The people here are very nice. Theres almost always something to do. Even if you're lounging around it feels like home.
Feels like home. Great neighborhood. Amazing professors. You will feel taken care of.
The school is what you make of it. There are things to do, but not much. No one on campus ever really participates. Parties are virtually nonexistent. Dorm rules are very strict. A lot of kids transfer after their first year. Yet at the same time I do love it here. I have a good set of friends, that make the campus interesting.
good school, if you commute, its harder to be involved. Small party scene
The school is defiantly what you make it. So I advise you to come in with an open mind have fun and work hard.
All the good professors are leaving, the food gets worse every year, there aren't any places to have fun in Caldwell.
I hate when people talk trash about Caldwell. I love this school and think it is great for undergraduate education. I would not choose to go to graduate school here, but there are definitely great opportunities on an undergraduate level. :)
This is a great university. Although it may not be as well known as some other schools, all of my friends who graduated now have great jobs. One of them is even going to Columbia for graduate school. The campus life is great, although it does have some archaic dorm rules. The faculty is supportive, well qualified, and willing to help every student.
I love Caldwell. Best choice that I have ever made.
not a great school
not a good school... kinda reminds me of community college
Could definitely be a lot better, honestly expected much more.
The campus is small and you see the same people usually. There is not a huge selection of teachers, but the science department is good and the nursing program is great. Internet is not great and the food is either decent or just bad. Not a lot going on, definitely not a party school. This campus has some really beautiful girls though.
I think the only reason people attend this school is because they hand out scholarships. Feels like high school.
-Different experience - commuter vs. on-campus; don't tend to make commuter's feel like "insiders."-Issues with athletes ganging up on non-athletes, and not being welcome in the gym/exercise area -Campus is small and easy to figure out - library needs update & rules - all opportunities need to be KNOWN - older students  friendlier -
Can't beat the price.
the best
It is what you make it.
Caldwell is small and nice. Buildings are very clean & updated. The speed humps are more like speed mountains so drive over them w/ caution.
I loved my time at Caldwell.  I was lucky to both learn and work on campus during my time there and will never regret a second of my time there.  It is a small campus but growing and you would be hard pressed to find something that you didn't enjoy.    I completed my BA and am currently working on my MBA online with Caldwell.
Just graduated and continuing my education here. Such a great decision to come here!
A wonderful experience. Graduated with (2) college degrees and was offered my dream job within (1) month of graduation. Will probably attend Graduate School this summer.
Caldwell University has a beautiful campus especially during autumn. Class sizes are pretty small. Wonderful staff and faculty. There are many restaurants and shops throughout the town.
The campus is not commuter friend; from a scale 1-10 it's a 3. The college is very nice. It grooms really well. Most staff a very friendly.
