Love this school:)
Not a big school like people see in movies, but it is a warm welcoming environment. It feels like it is it's own little town, i love it here. Professors are easy to work with and the staff around the school is great.
Choose to get involved in clubs, Greek life, sports, etc. Yes it is a small school, but your college experience is what you make of it. You can go to a big school and sit in your dorm all day, or go here and have plans every night. Overall students and faculty are very nice, and I definitely do not regret my decision to enroll at Caldwell.
Faculties are v. approachable & your best resource. Some are amazing, some (adjuncts esp.) suck so bad. Everyone is super friendly. Residents will def like it more than commuters. More research labs needed for STEM majors. It's easy to be big fish in this small pond and fill up your resume. Beautiful campus. Good food, not a party school. Caring.
I have to say, i like it here but these school needs BETTER WIFI!
this school sucks, everything is crusty, they don't care about the people who dorm, the cafeteria food is almost always foul and they always run out of the basics (milk, cereal,ice,drink etc.). Very diverse but not at all inclusive. I don't know what I am paying for. most people transfer, including me after this year. don't come here, save urself
The people are nice. However, the amount that is being paid for tuition should be seen in the school. Many of the facilities and classrooms are outdated. The restrooms are disgusting. Their business program is not organized at all! Majority of theprofessors for the business classes are retired and outdated.
I wish I didn't waste my time transferring here, so much that I'm transferring BACK to my first school. Caldwell University is too expensive for what you get. It's very small, it even has a high school on the campus. The professors are basically unaccessible. And the other students here are all very pretentious and rude. Only good thing is parking.
Small school. Not much going on on campus unless you join a sorority or dorm. Advisors ready to help you and really accommodating professor. Staff is helpful and pleasant to work with. Students arent that friendly though. Most are too invested in themselves or their own groups to pay attention to others around them.
The atmosphere of this school is awful. Some students are so cliquey, they refuse to speak/acknowledge you. Others are so shy, they are too afraid to speak to you, even look at you. This school is basically a 15k a year high school. If you're looking to grow as a person, this is not the place for you! I look forward to my transfer in the fall.
Overall a great small h iversirt and everyone is super friendly and helpful and want to see you succeed!:)
Its probably a personal issue but the freshmen here tend to be close minded and they only want to interact with the ones they befriended on orientation.
I actually like this school and the professors. I am a business major and I can say that most professors are there to help you. However, it is hard to balance work and school because most classes are in the middle of the day. Which sucks!
Its a good school but if you choose to be on campus, you will wake up with nothing to do. The only way to have fun is if you want to go to some off-campus party thats usually wack anyways.
If your shy, Caldwell isn't for you since you'll be bored 24/7 unless you like that. A lot of people hang out with the people they met in orientation or are on a team with. Dorming is fun the first year but afterward, it's bad especially if you live far away. Food is honestly awful there are times where you eat burnt burgers for 3 months straight.
Love this school. The people actually care about you here. The professors are amazing and there's tons of opportunity if you go out and look for it. Make connections and you'll end up with like 8 mentors all trying to help your career. I've made my best friends for life here, and literally cry when I think about leaving.
For the price students are paying the campus is really outdated. Some buildings are freezing during the winter (I wear my coat for the entire class) and too hot during the warmer months of the year. Most of the professors are great, but the adjuncts are awful. It's also pretty hard to socialize because everyone is cliquey/unwelcoming.
This is a great school overall
Not the best school as far as social life. Seems like a ghost town.
good campus
Caldwell University is a good school. Tuition as a commuter is amazing. The professors are amazing. Stay away from the adjunct professors. The food is sometimes good. The staff and faculty are very nice and helpful. Social life can get pretty boring, not much to do at this school. I just wish they had more career wise opportunities. Not well known.
Im glad I made this decision
It's a small campus in a quiet town. Not much to do, but also peaceful. If you can make your own fun and are content not getting to club, you'll be good. There isn't a section for it, but the faculty and staff are a highlight. Incredibly helpful and friendly, minus a few outliers.
I did remote but i went in for labs. It's nice but i wish it had more to offer.
