This school has just about everything to offer, although its lacking a football team the education level couldn't be more top-notch. I defiantly recommend this school for the inspiring college student.
UNCG is a very diverse school so If you are not into meeting a variety of different people or if you have certain prejudices, I encourage you NOT to apply =)
I LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!!
Good school, great events, very diverse as far as races, and they have the best parties! but beware, food is okay but not awesome, and if you're coing here for nursing or music majors, FORGET IT. Go ahead and fire up applications for another school.
Great school. Big enough to have fun, small enough for the professors to know you on a personal level. So many activities and opportunities to get involved on campus and around campus. The professors are great and very willing to help you in most cases. The caf food is pretty good and the restaurants on and around campus are fantastic.
UNCG was the worst college I ever attended. No one seemed to care about the well being of the students and the office staff was flat out rude to me. I would highly recommend choosing a different college.
Its a highly, liberal arts university without a football team
It's a huge commuter campus and lacks entertainment on weekends.  There are also not many special interests clubs and sports are not a big deal. The campus is very beautiful and the professors are very personable. However, I am still transferring next year.
If you are transferring or an out of state student rethink coming to UNCG. Students will be charged tremendous amounts for out of state. Transfers will be punished for "extra credits",the state of NC has a law stating that students will have to pay a tuition charge for credits over 25%, this means you owe UNCG for the knowledge you've learned befor
The administration is horrible and some of the worst attitudes I've ever experienced. The teaching staff was great at one time but the push for research as a focus for all instructors hurts the quality of the education because teachers are more concerned with getting published than teaching. The budget is all screwed up classes are getting too big.
It's a community, not just a school. Every experience is personal. There are so many diverse cultures on our campus! There is definitely something here for everyone!
I attended UNCG for a year. I transferred in and was very happy to transfer out. The classes, for the most part, were great. The school doesn't care about students, just the reputation. I would recommend avoiding the school.
UNCG is a great school. The campus is beautiful, the atmosphere is refreshing, and the opportunities available to students are numerous.
Poor parking, but that is true of most college campuses.
Too many students in classes, but overall good. Horrible cafeteria food that makes everyone sick, but the flex partners are okay.
Absolutely beautiful. So many opportunities!
great school! a lot better than i thought it would be. I commute so I am not sure about the dorms, but has a beautiful campus and very very helpful staff and campus services. use them!
This really is a wonderful school. The majority of the professors I've had really know their stuff and have been more than helpful to me. I couldn't picture myself anywhere else; I love it here. :)
UNCG is the most underrated school in the southeast. Everybody that comes loves it. We are a suitcase school- don't expect a huge amount of school spirit. We pride ourselves on getting an AMAZING education under the radar. Cheap, BEAUTIFUL campus, small classes, everyone should come here!
Offers high quality programs in many fields such as business, nursing, science, and teaching. Diverse community with a charming and well-maintained campus.
UNCG is a very diverse school. Most of the people are SUPER nice. There are many activities to do on campus. In the end, it's your choice to get involved on campus or not. The food is okay. They people are fantastic. The classes are great. I found my place here so transferring is something I will not be doing.I love this school!
I adore UNCG.
It's the best!
Thats its not that big once you walk it a couple of times
Being an English and Classics major, I would recommend UNCG to anybody pursing one of these majors. The faculty in these departments are amazing and the university should be privileged to have them. They care deeply for their subject matter and their students. I could not have asked for a better college experience.
UNCG is a wonderful school. You will get a great education and meet many interesting people. It is important to be involved on campus. Greensboro can be very boring, but campus life makes UNCG an amazing experience. I highly recommend this school as it has a wide range of areas of study as well as an extremely divers population.
This is an open minded school. It is very welcoming. With recent budget cuts course selections have become very limited. It would be nice to learn more than the basics. It's not the hardest school but it's not the easiest. For many it's a good fit.
I LOVE this school. It was the best decision I ever made. Its big enough to be fun and small enough to feel at home. The School of Education is AMAZING prepares you for any & everything. Majority of my professors truly care and the University is very goos at meeting students' needs. Despite normal public education issues this school is phenomenal.
Wonderful school! Proud to be a Spartan! You won't find a better education for a better tuition price. Great teachers, great opportunities, great environment. Very accepting of every culture, sexuality, religion, and personality. Perfect location as well! 3 hours from the mountains, 3 hours from the beach. Wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
UNCG is a wonderful university. Professors are passionate and want nothing more than for you to succeed. It is a diverse campus and accepting of every sexuality, race, and religion. You are safe here. If you have any prejudices, this is not the place for you.
I'm very happy with UNCG. I had some other options, but overall, I had heard great things about the faculty, students, resources and everything else. The only complaint I have is that it lacks a football team, but the other sports are just as fun to get involved in as a spectator.
Need a football team!!  Haha, but other than that, UNCG is a great school.  I have learned a lot, and I feel like my department (geography) is a hidden gem.
NO COMMENT
I highly recommend UNC-G! Beautiful campus, small and personable for a university, great teachers, good class selection, and overall great quality for the price. Good reputation in the community.
Overall a good school. Very diverse area, which is great. Campus is beautiful. really it's a tucked away secret that deserves to be talked about. The school is definitely not given enough credit
Awesome I find for the most part the focus of this school is learning, and not grades, they offer tons of help and advisers that are there for YOU. I would recommend this school for anyone from anywhere.
This is a very school. I recommend that you still research the program your interested in before just going to this school cause you like it.
No comment.
The only problem with this school in my eyes is there is no football team.
There are a million and one ways to be involved on our campus. We are a very diverse school, the teachers give you ample ways to get extra help. The campus is beautiful and they make improvements every day. I can't see myself anywhere but here.
Such a beautiful campus and so many opportunities. I am a student in the theatre feild and just withing my major and feild there is always something to do and get involved with.
Probably the most underrated school in the UNC system. A very good education for the money you pay, you get the "big school" feel without actually having 30,000 plus students.
I love it here!
I love my school. There are loads of friendly people here. It's very easy to meet new people and make friends. If you aren't involved in any extracurricular activities then you might not like it here. Near downtown. So many food options. Most professors are really helpful. If we had a football team my pride would skyrocket...
I absolutely love UNCG. Coming here is the best decision I have ever made.
UNCG is the most diverse school in North Carolina, it has one of the best study abroad programs and (talking from personal experience,) provides absolutely amazing academic opportunities. The Lloyd International Honors, as well as other living learning communities, are amazing. The more involved you are, the more you will enjoy college! YAY UNCG!
UNCG is a great school.  A lot of the degree programs are actually very credible.  There is a very diverse population.  The school events try to make sure you interact with your peers.  It is a great place to go if you want a full college experience, minus the football team.
Great school and approachable people. Very friendly environment
Best educational decision I've made, coming here. Great proximity to downtown and the shops on Tate Street are easy to get to. Wish thy Lee street wasn't such an eyesore, but with the recent campus expansion, I'm interested to see what it does for that area.
There are many student support groups both academic and interpersonal designed to help the student truly succeed. I love attending UNCG and highly recommend it!
I was totally against going to this school. After touring and going through the School of Education Building I realized that this is where I needed to be in order to earn my degree in teaching. I love the campus. It is beautiful! Go Spartans!!!
Get a god set friends you can trust and hang out with on a regular basis d you'll love this school
I went to UNCG for one year and then transferred. It was my first pick school,but after attending I realized it wasn't the right place for me. If you are big into being outdoors, I wouldn't suggest going here. It was hard for me to fit into the "City" scene. However, the school does have a ton of diversity and you will meet tons of great people!
Has great teachers, programs and tuition! What's left to say!
Its really laid back
great
I overall love it here
Every one seems miserable and talk about transferring its, they plan events for new comers but put them at the farthest part of "campus" with out a safe reliable way back unless you ask for one.  Everything seems to be mis information or no communication.
Good school for the performing arts!
Way to pc
I went to UNCG my freshman year and it started out okay but by the end of first semester I hated it. Everyone goes home on the weekends so campus is like a ghost-town. The majority of the people that go there are strange (sorry but they are). I transferred this year and I am so much happier. If you are not into the arts this school is not for you!!
If you'd like a mediocre degree from a public institution, you're in the right place.
This school is great, especially the Bryan Business School.
This school is amazing! I'm glad I chose to pursue my undergrad degree here!
UNCG has a beautiful campus and you can get anywhere on campus in 10 minutes! There is a lot of school spirit!!!
great school
They like to keep the grass as green as possible even with budget cuts. The campus is pretty clean and even though you might get UNCG police alerts there are 2 police stations on either side of campus.
Beautiful campus, talented instructors who care.  Wonderful experience!
You get what you think you're getting
good
This campus cares so little about its students. I am an adult student, in my thirties, and I have never felt more like a number than I do at this school.
You won't regret becoming a SPARTAN!!!
Great for experimenting with different majors. Plus to live on campus.
Wonderful professors for the most part. Some buildings could use renovation but the grounds are stunning!
Great School
Need to work on improving the areas related to the disabilities. Need to educate all professors and the staffs on the rights of people with disabilities. Otherwise UNCG have awesome and challenging educations that will make you to have more knowledge. All professors and instructors do challenge you everyday.
Amazing school with wonderful faculty and students                                         You always feel at home.
UNCG is a really great school academically but if you aren't used to people being weird you will be in for a HUGEEEE culture shock. Overall it is a great campus to be on its not to big and not to small which is great when it comes to class sizes!
I love my school.
I chose UNC-Greensboro over UNC-W/UNC-C/NCSU because the Bryan Business School is incredible (and has a great reputation), and the admissions staff was beyond top-notch.  I just finished my first semester after transferring from Central Piedmont Community College, and I don't have a single negative thing to say. The transfer process was flawless.
The landscaping of the school is breath taking and I love the city feel.I love how that the HEAT and city buses are free for college students! Awesome!I can go mainly anywhere and Greensboro is a big city. There are tons of services available at UNCG too:  tutoring, special services, accommodations, speaking center, writing center, and others.WOW!
Great School
I love UNCG; I could not ask for a better campus and population of students. There is always something to do and our caf is awesome since it has been remodeled. The Bryan School is the 13th best business school in the nation and they work us hard but it is worth it. Bottom Line: Being a Spartan is AWESOME!
I adore UNCG. It's such a great place to learn and grow as a student.
although im happy with coming here i thought it wouldve been better. the parties arent that great and the clubs are horrible at advertising themselves and their public events. the internet here is awful when youre in your dorm and try to use your iphone or labtop.
nursing school indirectly harasses and belittles gaylesbian students, it amounts to horizontal violence
......
I really like it, good people but like every where it's what you make it
not my dream school but it works for me.
best college ever
UNCG caters to their students. They have Chic fil a, salsaritas, starbucks, papa johns, a buffet cafeteria, and vending that accepts debit credit cards. The internet could have faster speed and the wifi sometimes is spotty. They have a huge amount of diversity. The campus is about 2 miles from downtown and clubs.
Great school. I lived on campus my first three years, there are so many opportunities to get active in campus life and in the community. Very competitive departments in multiple majors. There is a nice play to go out for night life for anyone. From clubs to bars and mixes of both.
good campus, and nice
Café isn't the best place in the world, but plenty of other food choices in walking distance. Amazing diversity.
Truthfully, this institution is going down hill. School's budget is going to unessesary funding  Rising tuition. Brand new gym but no football team. Multiple professors have told their student that they are leaving and don't care.
If your looking for a college to party at then UNCG isn't for you (go to UNCW, trust me).  Overall a nice institution and professors are great (a few exceptions as always).  Socially there are opportunities and the school is a "melting pot" of students.  UNCG is a nice campus with plenty to do, just don't be a hermit.
I'm in love with UNCG
I love this campus. The school is full of big green lawns, beautiful flowers, and pretty brick buildings. I heard that this school even holds a ranking somewhere for the most diverse selection of trees! You can't depend on clubs to make your friends for you, but people are friendly here. I have had no bad encounters! My schedule is full!
The school is great. Although the campus is gorgeous, the amount of "fun" is slim. Academics are wonderful, the study abroad program is amazing. Its just more of a school for a graduate student. The school spirit is low and there is not a lot of activities to do; if any the line is outrageous or there is not enough room for everyone.
I love UNCG... it's perfect for me, fits all my interests. If you want a medium sized school, with a close knit community then this is the school for you. Academics are fantastic, with many programs of study to offer and the location is great.. not too far from charming downtown Greensboro. There is always stuff to go out and do with friends.
I love how diverse the school is and how there is a place for everyone. The only bad part is there is no football team, hopefully for now.
UNCG is a great school with a diverse, caring community of students. There are endless opportunities to get involved and, if you take advantage of them, you will not be bored or lonely. There are plenty of things to do off-campus, as well as on, to keep yourself entertained. The transportation is adequate and the food is better than expected.
I was here for one semester as an exchange student. Campus is pretty and it had everything I needed. Unfortunately, UNCG doesn't play College Football, and Creeks aren't very popular. Creek houses are off campus. Most of the locals liked it that way but I would have wanted more action in the campus.
Overall, UNCG is a great place! Wifi could be improved, but that's about it!
