UNC-G gave me the opportunity to find myself. I love this campus- from the music building's acoustic circle to the EUC swings. And Tate St. Coffee has the BEST peppermint tea, ever. I've had mostly great Professors who only want you to succeed.
Excellent professors in the science bldgs, otherwise, not sure.  Nice campus, easy to get around!
I love: the open mindedness, the courses, the people, greek life, the honors college, the arts programs, the museum, the performances  Not such a fan of: the caf food, the internet, cone dorm hall  Overall I love my school
I like it.
Wonderful school, I honestly don't want to leave. I think I will attend graduate school here, if it is possible. You won't regret going here.
Really, this place sucks, I'm transfering to a school with a better womans studies program
As a second semester freshman currently here at UNCG, I truly love it. There are so many opportunities to go after any of your passions or dreams. There is always something happening on campus. Everyone is so nice and helpful! The professors are great and really care about your education (but there are exceptions, of course!) Go Spartans!
I learned so much about myself here and it's only my second semester.
The school is what you make it. It's very diverse and filled with many things to do.
its diverse, the people are nice and I love it here
Well balanced students and staff
After less than a month of going to school here I knew that it wasn't the right place for me. People were not as friendly as I expected them to be, and there's not much to do off campus. I'm transferring to a different school next semester.
This school is great. It's a very friendly campus but if you're a party person, this school isn't for you. There isn't too much turn up here but everyone is serious about their studies and cares about what they're doing with their time here.
I love it here!! So happy I choose to come here for school! All of my professors have been amazing and I have met so many great people! Campus if very diverse, which is cool. Internet is awful, so be prepared, but other than that It's great. Food is ehh, but that's probably because I eat it everyday twice a day. It's really not that bad.
The students here are amazing and the scenery looks stunning, but the administration sucks. This is a liberal arts school that does not get recognized because the administration puts all the money into supporting Greek life, which is almost non-existent. FUND THE ARTS!
I've been here for a year and I don't have much to say. I am in the quidditch club, live off campus, and spend a lot of time in the library. The campus itself is beautiful but can get crowded at times. The food is ok since there are some choices in the student center. The professors are great and try to help you for the most part.
UNCG has a great campus and everyone is so friendly here. It really is a great place to go to school!
UNCG has a beautiful campus with friendly people. Professors are straight-up with you and are passionate about what they teach. There are tons of resources provided to you and there is always something going on. Highly recommend this college! Go Spartans!
The university is nice,beautiful, and cool the professors are grateful to know. They help a lot when asking question. There many things intersting
Such a diverse and beautiful campus! Everyone is super nice and respectful. Great place to spend your next 4 years!
UNCG seems to be focusing more on bringing young students than with expanding it's departments. IF you are NOT a nursing or education major the upper level classes are HARD to find available. This school is diverse, but doesn't support its non-traditional students and the food for vegetarians is horrible. Parking is paid and crime is high.
If you like diversity you will love it here.
Get involved and it's be amazing
It's pretty good here.
It's a beautiful campus, with lots of climbable trees, spacious lawns, blooming flowers, and a hidden garden with a fountain. The landscaping almost makes up for what the architecture lacks... Almost. There are plenty of unattractive, outdated, and/or poorly designed interiors, and I would know - I'm an interior architecture major!
I'm a first year Senior at UNCG and I've grown more in my time here than I ever have. The thing about UNCG is it is what you make of it. If you're open to new opportunities, friends, and diverse way of life then you will be just fine. The professors are caring and I've met some of the greatest people ever here. UNCG is a hidden gem!
It's a beautiful campus and great school. However, there have been more rapes so far this year than in the past 4 years combined but that seems to be slowing down. I highly enjoy this school
This school is pretty average, a solid 8 out of 10. It's very close to Friendly Center and downtown, which is nice. But also there are some bad areas nearby, and also near Sullivan isn't a good side of campus. Friends are easy to make, and the food is wonderful. Tate Streets has great food too. Also It's kind of hard to get involved if you commute.
Medium, to big sized school, trying to run itself like a small liberal arts institution, which has its benefits as well as draw backs.
Great campus with staff that are invested in your learning. No place I would rather go to school!
The campus is really beautiful and very walkable. Frat parties suck here. So you're only options are off campus house parties and Limelight. Limelight is poppin on Thursdays which is a great time, but not much to do other than that. The food makes me ill.
Wish the professors in the recreational therapy program were nicer, more thorough, and offered more hands on opportunities. I was very unhappy. I went back to school elsewhere and found my passion in the cosmetology field! So it worked out.
Pretty campus, stuff to do, good professors, pretty a-ok if ya ask me.
It's easy to make friends, food is all around, and the teachers here are chill. I'm only a freshman and I got offered an internship I didn't even apply for! Opportunities are endless. The area is not the best though. As someone said before, I wouldn't go around Sullivan after 5pm...
Greensboro is an amazing college town. So diverse
I didn't care for it.  When you tell people you go there, it's like they lose respect for you and stop listening. I met a lot of great people but you have to drive to get anywhere that isn't campus or else you have to walk through the ghetto or alongside a highway. I transferred after my freshman year. JUST NO.
UNCG is a great school. If you want an easy transition from high school into college, this is the place to go. The professors treat you well, students are welcoming, and it's not hard to find your place here. Everyone is treated as significant.
yeah
The campus is absolutely beautiful.
UNCG is Amazing
there are things to do, but you have to make time, also they need more professors
Attending UNCG was one of the best decisions I have ever made. Finding something to do, on and off campus, is never a difficult task given that Greensboro is the third largest city in North Carolina. UNCG's campus is beautifully diverse and the campus' grounds are stunning in every season. UNCG is my version of a utopia.
Definitely a suitcase college, lots of residents go home on the weekends, and about half of the campus population are commuters. Very disappointed with the social activity on this campus and wish there was more activities offered that people went to.
I transferred here from UNCW & I couldn't be happier. One of the most visually appealing schools, but what sets this school apart from any other is it's overwhelming diversity. I feel so comfortable here.  There's a place here for everyone. Food choices here are also so widespread. Encountered some of the most helpful professors here also.
Great school at a low cost (in-state). Many options for majors, good professors, nice campus, and plenty of extracurricular activities to enjoy.
It's good, not great.
The campus is all around good. For the first semester it felt no different than high school which was terrible but after that i fit in and making friends is super easy. I'm a member of three clubs and even though I'm usually busy with classes I make time to go and meet new people. The internet and food are meh, but I love my professors.
I live off campus in another town and I'm not a social person.
I wish it had a better reputation. It is such a great school with so many helpful people. You get out what you put in. If you don't go out and join clubs or events you won't experience all it has to offer.
Beautiful campus! Great people!
...
UNCG has been a great place for me. The research opportunities are awesome so you should always give a try. The study abroad program is also good of you were to do.
UNCG is okay. It's nothing special. Tour guides will lie to your face about opportunities here. Housing is pretty awful and overpriced. The cafeteria is nasty. I've made great friends here and enjoy my department, but it's just a generic school. It's just okay.
UNCG does not have a difficult courseload. In addition, most professors are lenient on grading and use a curve. The students who go here literally lack motivation. I have never come across people who are so comfortable making such low grades. If you actually put an effort into your academia, expect to be the smartest person in the room at all times
This is the poorest excuse for a university. There is little to no organization in the non-traditional student environment. There is no effort on the part of the staff to help students achieve their goals or communicate deadlines other than a singular email, at best. Avoid at all costs.
The campus is absolutely beautiful! DO NOT GO HERE EXPECTING GOOD FOOD! The Caf food is pretty bad. The library is beautiful and spacious. I play Club Volleyball and love it. I love the diversity even though we are a PWI. The teachers so far have been pretty decent. The social life is okay but I am here for an education. Go to A&T for Social stuff!
Honestly, like any school one attends, UNCG is what YOU as a student make of it. Yes, there are some spotty areas that could use improvement, but I don't think it is a horrible school by any means. The coursework is not too difficult for me personally, and I feel that getting involved on campus in some way alleviates any boredom one may have.
It's a great place to further your education
This school is amazing
This school is amazing!!!
Good school overall but just not my scenery!
A fun place to be
It really depends on the classes you take if you have a good time or not I had some really good teachers there but I also had some teachers that should have gone back to high school
The English department (and a few others - biology and psychology) have a very heteronormative agenda. Not cool.
You're gonna have good and bad teachers at every school. In my department, I've had some upstanding, challenging and frequently condescending instructors and peers (psychology). Gen ed instructors understand that their class simply fills a requirement. That being said, I think my education and time at UNCG has been extremely valuable/fulfilling.
UNCG is amazing.
beautiful campus
This school is great, but it doesn't get the recognition it deserves. This causes it to be in a limbo-like state where it has this incredible potential to be one of the best, but it hasn't quite figured out how to release that potential.
UNCG is a home away from home. I couldn't be happier to be a Spartan!
Love uncg
The most important thing to remember is, your experience at UNCG is what you make out of it!
The campus is generally safe, but there is some crime near campus.  The cafe is nice, but try to save your flex because the cafe food can get old fast.  I recommend joining a residential college such as strong because the dorm rooms are nice and it makes living in such a community makes the transition easier.
Love the campus and most of the faculty.
I love this campus and all my professors here
UNCG was my number one pick-- and for good reason! Everything about this school has made me feel safe and at home. Couldn't imagine going to school anywhere else!!
I've been at UNCG for two years now, and it's been some of the best times of my life. I love it here, such a unique and wonderful atmosphere
I enjoy Greensboro and the friends I have made are for life!
Its a beautiful campus during the fall and sunset. there are many activities all school year and many clubs you can join. Its fairly easy to make friends and the campus is just the right size. it only takes about 8-10 minutes  to walk from one side of campus to the other. all the professors I've had so far are great. I highly recommend UNCG.
I am a transfer student. I have excelled here as a student and found many internship opportunities that I did not otherwise receive from my previous school. The professor's I've had were very helpful and really cared about my well being as a student.
Poor quality all around
very nice campus
If you don't care where you go to college, come on down.  If you want to go here, it's probably for music or some STEM field.
Cool school,
In my experience about half of the faculty are great and the other half are terrible--the worst classes I've ever taken. I would also never live in the residential areas or allow my child to. There are multiple sexual assaults in the dorms every semester. People are robbed on and off campus at gunpoint. The students are not impressive--arrogant.
Doesn't have the greatest reputation. A hidden gem. It is a city so the safety isn't the greatest... people seem to forget how big Gboro actually is. Not any less safe than any other city schools.
Beautiful campus, food is pretty decent and I have never felt unsafe. Great school.
Overall a great school and a hidden gem! Greek life is small but very welcoming and I am glad that I am able to be a part of it!
I love this campus with every corner of my heart. Crime is really active around campus but UNCG Police do their best to protect us. Social life is hard to miss out on considering the clubs, events, and Greek life on campus. If you are thinking of going here, DO IT!
I love this school and the area. Greensboro is great for anyone who wants to get out of a small town but has family that won't let them go to a super big city. My school is great and so are the people. The classes are interesting and fun and professors are most always willing to help you in every way possible.
I absolutely adore Greensboro and the UNCG campus. Even though UNCG is basically a liberal university there is a place for everyone who attends; you just have to put yourself out there to meet people. I feel safe walking around campus at any time, I am a female with enough confidence in myself to say that I am an easy looking target. I love it here
I have loved my time so far at UNCG and have had great professors who have taken the time to become personally invested in my future. The Anthropology department is a tiny hidden gem! Lots of opportunities for A Capella singers too with 5 groups!  However,  UNCG freaks out about icy or snowy weather + Parking passes are crazy pricey and garages.
I love UNCG but college really is what you make of it, and if you arent willing to go out and meet new people and try new things, you wont have half the experience I had.
I really like UNCG. I've lived in Greensboro most of my life and it's a pretty good area. Safety is getting a little concerning but you don't have to fear for your life here. There's not much club life here and this is definitely not the party school. The people are nice and friendly here, great for someone from a small town.
There is nothing to do on or around campus, low morale, and terrible cafeteria food.
Safety is the biggest thing on this campus for sure.  The advising is not that great either. They mess up your schedule and this school is notorious for having students graduating late because of it. If I had a choice to do it over I would go to a different school.
I love UNCG :)
It is a very diverse school with a lot of great and accepting teachers and students. I wish there were more clubs and activities. I feel like nicer dorms are so far away from everything. It's a catch 22. The Spartan Chariot is helpful though when it is actually on time. They have amazing academic programs though. I am learning a lot from my major.
I absolutely love love love UNCG. I started here and I want to finish here. The campus isn't huge and most classes aren't giant. Would definitely recommend going here.
It's a beautiful campus.  Picturesque!
beautiful campus. really genuine, nice people. generally pretty good professors across the board
The moment I came to UNCG I fell in love. The campus feels just like home. It is so inviting and welcoming. There are people of all ages always on campus for all kinds of events. All the teachers want you to succeed and all other employees are very sweet. UNCG was the right choice for me. I recommend touring and getting involved when you get here!
This school has made me hate school
I love it here. Great faculty, kind people, lots of beautiful places around. Overall GREAT place to learn.
Overall meh. Fantastic liberal arts college if that is your thing. Love the diversity, openness and people. You are "free" here. There is no "real world" prep. They feed you "best case" scenarios in the career center so you think you're going to come out of school doing x job and making y amount of money. So do your research guys. Pick good majors.
Great theatre and music programs, but UNCG is starting to try to market itself more as a business/nursing university. Food is alright, better than most public school food, but it's no gourmet cuisine. A lot of off-campus options for housing and food. Theatre parties are great, but beware the few frats there are, especially SigEp and Pike.
I'm finishing up my first year here and honestly I'm a bit disappointed. I love Greensboro, but if it wasn't for my boyfriend, I probably would have looked into transferring elsewhere. Food is mediocre, a lot of the buildings are in need of refurbishing, and a lot of the students are rude and make you feel unwelcome. It's okay, but not what I hoped
UNCG is an excellent school where professors really care about your success.
UNCG (like most other schools) is really what you make it. You can get involved and meet a lot of people and have fun, or if you don't you can be bored and go home every other weekend it's really up to you. The facilities are great and the food is fine (could be better) but overall a great choice.
I love UNCG. I wouldn't go anywhere else. Faculty is really lovely. Common grounds are always full of life. I hate to ever have to leave.
It is overall a great school with great social clubs, restaurants (Chic-Fil-A, Salsaritas, and PaPa John's to name a few) and truly a place that you take out what you put in. I have enjoyed my time here and I have never had a problem with any of the faculty members. The students here are usually professional but, of course, there are some slackers
Overall a school is where you take out what you put into it. This school gives you more than enough opportunities and helps you with your goals if YOU look for them. The food here has plenty of choices and don't taste like McDonald's. The student body is surprisingly nice and upbeat. There is not a professor that I would consider "unprofessional."
If students a pay fee for security it should be taken seriously or we shouldn't have to pay at all!
Love the campus! You can meet so many different types of people here and see their cultures. Theatre community is amazing.
I really love this school.  Of course it has it's ups and downs,  but what school doesn't . Over I give this school a 8.3/ 10.
Beautiful and clean campus, can't really complain about anything.
Beautiful green campus with plenty of places to explore. Most faculty are great (and frankly over qualified so we're lucky to have them) with some really strong departments. The cafeteria is newly renovated so the food is better than average with plenty of choice. LOTS of emergency notifications about surrounding area but nothing on campus. A+
Great place to attend grad school!
blaaaahhhh
The campus needs more recreational facilities and some of the professors can be questionable. It can be hard to connect to the wifi. The city surrounding the campus is boring and has only a few stores, bars, and restaurants. The campus is ok on good days, but without recreational facilities, it loses its luster.
It's a good school, very diverse.
great campus ever BETTER professors! Second year in and I'm YET to have a bad professor. Campus is pretty safe but I decided to live off campus which was a bad decision due to the crime in my area. HIGHLY RECCOMEND this college! LOTS of majors to choose from and great students to surround myself around.
Love this school.
The school is great! Very diverse. You can meet a lot of talented people here. There many resources, clubs and social activities you have opportunities to take advantage of daily. Great college experience here. It'll be exactly what you make it.
Great school, not perfect, but it's an amazing place to be. Most people are down to earth.
It can be sketchy, Im constantly getting messages saying that a robber has been in the area, or a break in. So sometimes I feel unsafe. Great teachers and classes, but be prepared to not have an opinion if you are on the right wing of politics. It is a very liberal college and not all that respectful of other opinions that differ from the majority
This school is everything I thought it would be. Have never had any problems with anything. Everyone is really nice and helpful. Never had a rude or disrespectful teacher. Lots of options to eat besides the caf. Has lots of events and free stuff all the time. The mall and a shopping center are less than 10 minutes away.
i love it here
I'm from a big city and after living in a small town for a few years, I loved coming to Greensboro with such a large campus. I love the school, the campus is gorgeous, I have never had a problem with professors, the people are great, and there are lots of things to do right around campus.
Uncg is in the heart of the G. Campus is so beautiful and has a lot of trees. The students and faculty here are so friendly. There is something for everyone here. I am so happy I ended up coming here.
UNCG is a beautiful school with a good environment, however, Greensboro itself is pretty awful. If you're interested in a school with a nice "college city," nearby, look somewhere else. A simple Google search on Greensboro's crime statistics alone will give you a pretty good idea.
If you are from a small town, this will be considered "big" to you. Greensboro is pretty boring. The clubs downtown get old very fast. It's a pretty campus but if you are interested in tech or related majors it is not a good fit.
I moved from Minnesota to Greensboro just for the professions in Deafness department here at UNCG. I like it here a lot, but it's not perfect.
I like UNCG a lot because I made a lot of new friends since SOAR
UNCG is cool but it is also what you make it. You have to make friends and make your experience because if you sit in your room all day and just go to class or work then you are going to be bored. The fountain is good spot your freshman year and the cafe. The library is actually a good chill spot believe it or not. But yeah have fun and make it fun
