I WOULD NEVER WANT TO ATTEND ANY OTHER UNIVERSITY!! UNC Greensboro has provided so many unique opportunities that I would not have received at another university. You have to put effort into everything so you cannot sit in your room and expect to have fun. You have to put yourself out there, and talk to people. Best of luck!
Beautiful campus, some buildings are old and need work but they are constantly renovating. You have to stay alert when attending the dining hall because you never know which bite will be undercooked or overcooked. The dorms are okay, some are a lot nicer than others. The school talks a lot about mental health but does not actually seem to care.
UNCG is a beautiful campus. Some of the buildings are old and need work, but they are fixing them. Some dorms are way nicer than others, and if you get a meal plan I do not recommend the unlimited meal plan because the food in the cafeteria is not as good as it is when you tour the school. DO NOT BE FOOLED
I love the diversity here on campus, I feel at home in my dorm and I really enjoy my professors.
Nice school, nice to look at. Food is okay you just have to learn what you like and who you like (because obviously not all chefs cook the same). Lots of life in the cafe and at the fountain, best places to find friends outside of class. Lots to do off campus and the buses take you everywhere for free. I really like it here, I rarely go home.
Know what you're getting into before you come here.
It isn't a pretty school but our Music Education faculty is PHENOMENAL. If you choose to go here, just make sure you know what you're getting into; go to a college where your specific major has lots of opportunities in store and has good reviews.
I moved here from Charlotte, I hear a lot of great things about the campus. Really great people.
I never want to leave this place to go home. Amazing experiences and lifelong memories.
I love it here. I've met my best friends here and am so happy I decided to come to UNCG. There's a place for everyone - very easy to feel at home. Also - Go Greek!!
I love is here.
I love this school so much!
UNCG is a beautiful school!!
It's a great school! Would recommend, very diverse. Great opportunities offered.
I enjoyed going here. They are very helpful in all areas of college life whether it's counseling, health, jobs, etc. There are plenty of opportunities, but you do have to go searching them out (aka going to the correct offices/areas you need). But pretty sure whatever problem you have, or need you require to be fulfilled, there is always an option
I came to UNCG because it wasnt the only school that I toured where I felt like I truly belonged. UNCG is one of the most diverse campuses in the North Carolina University System. There are so many opportunities presented to you at this school! There is always something to do here; you will never be bored! :-)
Difficult to find a place to fit in if you do not belong to a minority group. The only other option is frats and sororities.
The only thing I would want to change about my school is the fact that we have no football team. If we had one, I feel like less people would go home on weekends and there'd be more school spirit. I also wouldn't mind a better homecoming.
My friends and I LOVE this school!!
Academics are pretty good unless you're in STEM. If you are, good luck finding help and/or good professors. City is boring, and I dont suggest walking around alone at night, especially Tate st. Social scene- virtually non-existent. Most students are commuters or go home every weekend. If you are "artsy" or a minority, you will fit in well here.
Taking a tour of this school will leave you excited to be so welcomed and accepted but when you get there, it's quite the opposite when it comes to most fellow students. I find that if you don't fit a certain stereotype or look, you might have a hard time finding friends and being comfortable here.
Loved it here
I think the campus is beautiful. I find it hard to get into campus activities even though they have many events each week. Every student's journey is different and for me I've found that the education is the main reason that I stay here. Most of the professors in the English Department care about you as an individual and want you to learn from them
Solid university with great professors, facilities that are constantly improving and cool students. A great value and a solid school with beautiful old buildings.
I'm in my senior year and this school leaves much to be desired. Mental health is a real issue at this campus, as there are limited resources to help. There are also limited food options, a disrespectful population, and parking is a nightmare.
UNCG was my top pick coming out of high school. The campus is beautiful and UNCG has a very diverse population. Entering some buildings you may temporarily lose wifi connection. I feel pretty safe on campus but it's the city of Greensboro that's dangerous. UNCG is not really a party school, but there are usually campus activities to partake in.
I love the diversity on campus, it is definitely not a PWI.
its okay, really average for average people
UNCG is a suitcase school believe it or not. Theres majority commuters who come during the week and pack up and leave on the weekends, however there can be social events found consistently if living in the Greensboro area. I majored in Theatre and always had parties to go to, most of Theatre/Music folks live Tate street going East.
The campus is pretty and I enjoy it for the most part. Parking is a disaster and people who are walking get hit by cars constantly. Socially... It's like high school cliques but, take the drama out of it. You either fit in or you don't. There's a very limited number of clubs so, if you want to get socially active, it can be difficult.
Not really a party school so if that is what you're looking for UNCG isn't it. Campus is beautiful. Parking can suck sometimes but I've always gotten a good spot. Campus is mostly safe but use good judgement. Food is good. Sometimes when walking around on campus the wifi cuts in and out. Lots of resources to help academically.
UNC Greensboro is a nice college in the academic aspect. However, some dormitories need significant remodeling and the food in Fountain View Dining Hall is not exactly worth the cost.
Good school
Campus is beautiful, people are great. Lots of people avoiding interaction because of constant use of headphones, though. Tate street coffee is a blessing. You really have to go out of your way to make connections or meet new people. Caf food starts out great at the beginning at gets worse. Chick fil a is a 50/50 shot, taco bell is slow moving.
UNCG is a good medium sized campus to get your degree and go. Like all institutions, you enjoyment depends on you making the most of your experience. Academic departments are okay, but speaking from a biology major perspective, support AND inclusion needs some work for minority students. The campus it's self is very beautiful and well kept.
A fun place with a lot of opportunities.
i like this school a lot
This school is what you make it. If you wanna do anything you pretty much have to go out and search for it. Advertising for anything is about zero
I have enjoyed my time at UNCG so far. It's very diverse and it encourages both interactions and academics. Although, you have to put in the effort to find people that you connect with (through student organizations, fraternities, etc). The campus is beautiful and facilities are well-kept. Overall a very good university in the UNC system.
UNCG is kind of a boring school. It has the "I want to get my degree and bounce out of here" kind of feel. It's not a very involved school- the student life could be better. But, it is diverse and most are friendly. However, the professors are great. They are all knowledgable and I haven't had one that wasn't a high quality teacher.
I honestly hate it here
At this institution the sky is the limit; resources and staff are there 100%, but ultimately it's up to the students to take advantage of it. Campus involvement is huge. There's never a dull moment-- seek it, you'll find it. As for safety, it's generally safe-- just don't walk alone in the outside perimeter off campus. This happens at every campus!
UNCG is very isolating if someone is not diverse. The professors are nice however, they do NOT know how to teach. The campus how had a student raped on campus as security is a huge issue that the school is NOT improving on. I am transferring back to the school that I had previously attended.
Good campus, but the food court is terrible. Not many healthy things and a lot of it is either deep fried or covered in salt.
great school!
Love this place but we need better wifi and better vegetarian food!
You only have internet inside the buildings, and even then can mess up a bit, but you can just refresh the wifi and be back. Food off campus on tate st, is good, fountain view isn't the best, is a hit or miss most days, if your able to go else where for food.
It's a beautiful campus when people don't litter. If you aren't a picky eater then the options are fine but it gets a little boring. Lately campus has been a little dicey but for the most part, it's safe. I hate how far away the gym is from everything else.
If you like the idea of big school population wise but not having the gigantic campus, UNCG is the place for you. Lush greenery and wildlife, rich history, and wonderful resources. Lots of people commute because it's conveniently close to home, but if you want the full experience and opportunity I would suggest living on campus. Parking sucks bad
UNCG is great for any student looking to find themselves and connect to a diverse campus and city!
Don't like they are removing food area from School of Business building
This school is really great to attend!
My first choice for undergrad was NC state but I am so glad I opted for UNCG instead. Its been an amazing 3 years. I went in without knowing anyone but ended up with so many true friends. I got the chance to connect with everyone including the students, teachers and even the cafeteria staffs. The people are so genuine. UNCG will always be my home
I have always felt at home at UNCG. The campus has great staff who genuinely try to help you solve your problems and class issues.
Most diverse campus in NC. UNCG's CS reputation is a lower than deserved. The professors are top tier and the students are incredibly smart, at least, the ones that actually care about CS. The education is NC State level, the difference is the name brand. Students here make it to top tier companies, if you apply yourself, I am a primary source.
Very beautiful campus. I love the many majors it has to offer. There are many instructors out there ready to help any student find his/ her path. Overall, wonderful school.
Can anyone say "general education?" I can barely focus on my major because of how much time I have to sacrifice into these RIDICULOUS general education requirements. Only 16 courses out of about 40 are related to my major. That means only 40% of this education will actually be related to my career. Look around for a school with less filler.
Diversity is everywhere
The school has a wide variety of majors and classes you can take. The facilities are good and the food isn't terrible, but some options are better than others. There are a lot of resources on campus to help you with anything you can pretty much think of. There are a ton of campus events each week and they are fun to attend.
Great school but lacks the "college" social scene most weeks. There are a lot of academic opportunities and the facilities on campus are pretty good, better than most.
UNCG is a good school, while it's no Duke or UNC it is well respected and you get a quality education. I am fortunate in my major to get a lot of help and resources, as well as having had some excellent professors. The atmosphere around campus is more serious, I feel like it could be friendlier. I have enjoyed my time here.
UNCG is not very friendly for distance ed students. Professors do not answer or provide phone numbers. All communication is through emails. Assignments frequently are open for a few days instead of the whole week. Many things quizzed are on one reading and not discussed at all. Other than these complaints, the education is high quality.
I attended UNCG with no background knowledge of the school and attending as a second choice and now I couldn't imagine being anywhere else. The campus is so diverse especially across majors from theater to music there are always events happening on campus. So many great professors and student aid, things are so readily available for students also!
I love the diversity at UNCG. Everyone is very accepting and nice at this school. I have enjoyed my experience here so far.
While the location isn't the best, downtown Greensboro has a nice variation of restaurants and breweries. In regards to the University, classes aren't too far apart, and the professors seem to really care about their students.
I have enjoyed my time as a distance education student here overall as a public health major. Some professors are slower at responding to emails. Despite some hiccups with how a prerequisite transferred and whatnot, I'm glad for UNCG's distance ed programs. I feel I'm getting a quality education and not just free As, unlike what some expect or hope
I love UNCG , it meets all my expectations by far.
This school lacks a challenging, learning environment that it needs to be a reputable school. Surrounding areas have high crime rates, outside of campus feels unsafe. Teachers are lazy, usually not very informative or helpful. The bright side of this school is the internet and the food around campus.
This school is not it, the education is good so maybe do online but the campus sucks, the people suck, most professors in the business school arent great, school sold out to lawbreaking Greek life, and I had a negative experience overall !
Love it, good class and good lecture
This school was my top choice. Of course, there are some things I don't like but overall, I wouldn't wanna be anywhere else.
Great, chill school
An okay school but I have seen better.
Despite common misconception, this university is much more organized and truly addresses needs of students than some other more well-known UNC schools. There are lots of activities and opportunities and professors are generally kind and helpful. Classes CAN indeed be rigorous. UNCG does everything it can to accommodate its' students.
I love it here, it is so diverse, and as a minority, I feel so included.
The school has had a few safety concerns while I was there. It is clean and accommodating for the most part, but the real problem is that if you are a transfer, commuting, or continuing adult student you get no amenities from enrolling here - no societies or opportunities, and the school doesn't care about you if you arent an on-campus freshman.
Currently bc of covid there isn't much to do. I'm a transfer so it's kind of hard to socialize with your classmates bc half of the time im online. Saw few students who weren't wearing masks (usually guys who are skateboarding) but other than that it's a nice size campus. Foods are okay, they have chickfila and starbucks. But overall it's okay
UNCG is a wonderful university. Lots of diversity on campus and plenty of opportunities to join clubs or activities where you can meet like-minded individuals. Strong arts programs and science programs. Their facilities are kept clean and updated as best they can. The area around campus is hit or miss.
Teachers are bad
