Very sad place to be
UNCG is an underrated school for sure. I am in the nursing program so my answers might be a little more different than someone in business school, but I have only had one less than ideal professor in my 2 years here thus far. It is a very diverse campus in almost every way.
Great area, Great campus
Really glad I came here. It's very diverse and there's definitely something for everybody here
Great professors, great opportunities for research experience, overall great academics. However, I feel like the community is very reserved and not willing to talk with new people after freshman year. Furthermore, a lot of people leave campus on weekends, it can often feel deserted. Greensboro as a city is ugly, but it's a convenient location
Awesome School
UNCG is a great school. I attended the School of Nursing and couldn't be more satisfied with the education I received. Campus is in an area where crime rates are rising and I can remember a fair number of crimes that occurred on or near campus. Dorms really vary in terms of living style. Overall, a great school here in the heart of NC.
One of the best schools I've ever seen.
A fantastic school. You get your money's worth in education, professors, food, and campus events. The campus itself is beautiful and tends to stay clean. The food is great. There is so much to do here
The campus is beautiful, but there a lot of very sketchy areas not far from inner campus. Greensboro in general is not the safest city, and unfortunately that sometimes spills into the campus. So the biggest concern i'd say is safety and location. That being said, lot of great food options near campus, and the people here are awesome.
Older style campus with a lot of tree lined walkways in between buildings. Charming aesthetic only to be ruined by the library that could pass as a prison. Rec center is amazing for a mid major school, if sports or working out is one of your priorities, UNCG can offer it. Surrounding area isn't great with gun violence and drugs prevalent.
Worst school I have ever attended. DO NOT GO TO UNCG!
The staff working at the campus restaurants are typically incredibly rude. The food is awful, they give you small portions and the choices are slim. It's especially the worst in the EUC. During a recent visit to Tropical smoothie on campus, I noticed mold all over the ceiling and some on the walls. Uncg do better!
Food can be limited depending on your diet, quality isn't great but more options here than most schools I have seen. Campus is pretty with some great places to sit and do work. Surrounding area isn't very safe, especially at night. Parking on campus is genuinely the worst most frustrating thing I have ever experienced.
Great school with great professors and amazing opprotunities
