It's a pretty campus, and it's the perfect size. You'll run into your friends, but at the same time, you can avoid those people you don't want to see. You can walk from one side of campus to the other within 8 minutes, which means you don't have to get up too much earlier than your class. Even off-campus housing is pretty close!
I LOVE Radford. I think it's the perfect balance of getting a good education and still having a social life. I love that all my prof. know me by name and my classes are not to big. Radford is a great place to learn and have fun:)
I'n not sure if this is the way it is on all campuses but this school seems to be overtaken by the faculty who continues to take away services from the students, leaving them without many basic needs. Gyms are over crowded, the party/social scene is dying without anything to replace it. The school heavily favors it's under achieving sports teams
I love this school, I feel really in control of my education. All of the professors are accessible and willing to help. The campus itself is gorgeous, and very easy to navigate. The students are very friendly and willing to lend a helping hand anytime. Overall I would definitely recommend this school to others.
Radford has a "party school" identity but it's just not true, especially now.  The school has changed so much to get itself away from that party image.
Decent university with horrible food (good luck eating anything healthy besides salad) and nothing to do in the town of Radford. Advisors are helpless. Professors seem to be decent/good, campus is extremely beautiful, decent gym and wi-fi anywhere on campus.  Not the best academics as I literally do no work for straight A's at junior level courses.
Radford is the only school in the state of Virginia that offers my degree, so attending Radford was an easy decision. The town is small enough for the "college town" feel, but Christiansburg and Roanoke are close enough for dining out, shopping, and the opportunity to get away. Beautiful campus.
I love Radford :)
Despite this school's reputation the actual classes are very good, you get back what you put into them.  Yes you can party at Radford, but you can also learn a lot, that depends on you.  Personally I feel that Radford is really good for specialized courses, like a film major or a minor in martial arts.
I am very pleased with my decision to attend Radford.  The small campus immediately made me feel comfortable and all of the professors that I have had so far have gone out of their way to make me feel like my education is very important to them.  I highly recommend this school to everyone. Don't let the "part school" reputation fool you, it's great
Radford University is an amazing place! It is small, and there aren't a lot of fun things to do outside of school since it is located in a very small town. But if you can live with that, you will enjoy RU!
Radford is a great school with an undeserved reputation for partying. Parties do happen at Radford, but it is not the main focus of the university. Classes are small and the professors are very knowledgeable and engaging. Near a mall, lots of dining and movie theaters so I don't get bored. I've enjoyed my classes and will be sad when I leave.
Radford was/is know for a party school, but at the same time our education, nursing, and pre-law courses are ALL amazing. Also, that doesnt even begin to touch on the COSD, and other amazing courses only offer here. Plus, the school does a ton of social gatherings too, so you don't have to party.
There is a great transit system that goes from one end of campus to the other (free of charge with student ID) and also goes from campus to shopping areas around Radford.  This is great when you either don't have a car, you are too lazy to walk to your next class across campus or you want to save on gas.
Radford is a beautiful, clean campus. Everyone is friendly. The sports teams are suprisingly really good. We do know how to party, but it's not a "party school" by any means. Professors are also really so nice here.
Love this school, best choice I ever made!
Party school? So is EVERY OTHER college. This school has a really pretty campus and is the perfect size, not too big, not too small. Classes are sized to where you can actually get to know your classmates which is really nice. There are hundreds of clubs you can join so I'm sure you can find something to spark your interest.
Even if you aren't into partying there is still plenty to do around campus. However, the party scene is pretty dope. Beautiful campus, but the dining services could be better. Not a whole lot to do around Radford so you'll be making some trips around the state. Overall its pretty good for the price but there are better experiences available.
See for yourself
Radford has perfect class sizes, teachers, classes, guidance counselors, services, & extra curriculars. The food & dorms are average but definitely something you can live with. The location is nice too. The only bad thing is the reputation of a "party" school which attracts students who aren't driven and drop out after their first semester.
Radford is only a "party school" when you MAKE it a party school and go out every night, just like any other school!! You're here for a reason and that's for an education, focus on THAT not you're drinking habits. Radford's beautiful and the perfect size, with professors that go out of their way for you. Love it!
It's a cozy campus--not too big, not too small.  There is a rather large diversity, and the locals are catered to provide the students with what they need or want.  Very friendly town and campus!
I adore this school. The campus is beautiful and also the perfect size, you run into people you know while seeing new faces every day. Most of the people there are very friendly and the majority of professors are knowledgeable and helpful. There is something for everyone at Raddy and there's always something interesting going on.
Everyone should know that Radford is a great school. It is by no means an Ivy League School but it is a lot of fun and is great for normal kids that aren't stuck up about education and I made a great choice in coming here.
There is a lot, a lot of crime in Radford.  Safety is a big concern.
This school is awesome, and the reputation is only getting better.  Most people are from the cities of Northern Virginia, so being out in the mountains is new to most.  Therefore, the location makes it as fun as YOU make it.  Also, Rush Sigma Chi.
The school has no school spirit, and the surrounding town is very run down. The current fitness facilities provided for the students are absolutely horrible, half of the equipment is broken or missing. Overall, if you want a good quality education and have an actual college experience then do not attend this school
It is a REALLY small town, make friends fast. If you don't have any friends you will literally have nothing to do. There are some bars and restaurants but it's mostly just house parties. If you aren't in the drinking scene, join clubs. There's a mall nearby and places to get jobs. WEATHER IS SO UNPREDICTABLE!
So happy I choose Radford
Radford is a small town with nothing to do but drink. The amount of money I am spending for an education, seems to be going to waste due to the low quality of the professors. There is hardly any variety of food choices, when compared to most schools. The dorms are average. But I would definitely think twice before choosing Radford.
Expect some slow downs with the internet on critical times when people may be on. (People doing last minute stuff = slow internet). Just get your work done say not at the last minute if you have courses that rely on the internet so much or studying. Other then that, making friends here on campus is pretty easy, nice community all around.
Radford really became my home for many years.  We were all very close in the geology department, spending many hours together outside of class.  My education prepared me for the career I have today.  I miss the magnolia trees on campus and sitting in the garden by the library. I have very fond memories of the entire experience.
I love Radford, and it has so many major and minor opportunities! It was hard for me to fit in here though, so I might be transferring only because of the social aspect. I love everything else about the University!
the best
Radford is amazing school and I am so glad that I picked it over ODU and VCU. The classes are wonderful, my professors know my name. A lot of people associate Radford as just a big party school, well news flash, EVERY school parties. Not just Radford. Give Radford a chance, it's amazing.
n
amazing experience
Came from ODU...Love it here better!
if u make friends youll be fine. otherwise youll be bored to death
Obviously it can't be everyone's cup of tea. But come visit-if you love it, you'll know. I'm really happy I decided to come-it's amazing.
Great school!! Great education and great Extracurricular.
Beautiful Campus
Radford University is a decent mid-sized university. It's in a small town ,so there isn't much going on. During the week can be slow, but the pace of life really picks up on the weekends with the slamming parties. The student body is a tight nit one and everyone seems to get along pretty well. It's also located in the mountains.
Radford University is an amazing school. I thought about transferring after my first semester freshman year, but I gave it a chance and after the second semester and a change in my major I loved the school and wouldn't want to be anywhere else. The choice is yours, but Radford is an amazing school for sure.
I spent two years at RU picking up a BS and I thoroughly enjoyed the time spent.  I learned a lot, thanks in part to small class sizes and engaging professors.
Small school with not alot to do but party, unless of course you like doing outdoorsy stuff, but you get a really solid education from great professors. This school is on the up and up as well, there always putting up new buildings. In 10 years I think this will be a top 10 university in the state.
Love it here
I love it here. The size is perfect and I feel like I'm really getting a great education. I'm so glad this is where I decided to go.
its ok
Radford does not have a good reputation which is a shame because it is a great school. It used to be known as a fall back school, and although it has come a long way, old reputations tend to stick. I wish people could see the opportunities Radford has to offer now, rather than focus on an outdated reputation that is no longer relevant.
I love going to Radford, its small. There are def some different things like at a big school they have a lot more food options etc.. but radford is a good college experience for the money.
love
I absolutely hate it here. Its in the middle of nowhere and the education could be so much better. The teachers don't teach, rather they just talk. I have had to teach myself in every class that I've taken.
Great business school.
Radford is a very easy school. It requires almost zero effort to earn an A in any given class. The outdoor opportunities the school provide are awesome. You are also only a half hour from tech which you can catch a free bus to.
Party all day and night. Only thing to do in this terrible city
I'm so glad I had picked Radford. I met so many amazing people and there are clubs for just about anything. Everyone is overall very supportive of each other. Majority of the professors are very passionate about their classes or at least very knowledgeable.
Radford is a great school. The people are generally nice, and there's something there for everyone. There are a ton of course options to choose from. The professors aren't anything special. Radford is the kind of place that it is what you make it. If you put no effort in, you won't get anything out. Work hard, play hard. :)
I love Radford. The campus is perfect, very well taken care of and just small enough to have a short walk to anywhere you need to go. All parties are close enough to walk to as well, which is helpful.
Radford wasn't my first choice but I believe there was a reason I ended up attending. This school is amazing; tough for me to adjust at first, but it didn't take long for me to refer to Radford as home. I know Radford isn't UVA but it still challenges you to grow and learn. Plus, I've met some unbelievable people, friends I plan to take with me. :)
Best School to attend!!
Not just a party school. The academics are really good and there is an excellent art and music program.
asdf
Radford is small but it has amazing programs. The campus is accessible and beautiful. It's big enough where you do not know everyone but small enough you get the one on one with your teachers.
Its great.
I'm a senior here and my classes never required minimal effort to pass. There are great professors and not so great professors at any given univ. The nursing, teaching, and performing arts schools are great. Idk why people say there isn't anything to do besides party, I'm almost four years of proof that there,just make good friends freshman year.
A great place to attend college.
Great School!
Great school with a not so great reputation (every school has parties, we just don't hide ours as well). Beautiful campus, decent food, internet can be bad in the dorms but thats really hit or miss. Overall, love it here!
Radford is gorgeous, the town is itself is small so it is hard to find things to do but you will make great friends and find yourself emerged in the events on campus so you will always have something to do. The proximity to Christiansburg and Blacksburg is also great and provides you with many other things to do on the weekend. GO RU!
its the perfect size between a very large school and a small school.
I love it
Very small campus but very beautiful. I love all of my classes and teachers.
Great school. Not too big and not too small.
It is a beautiful place, and people are very welcoming here.  It was my plan all along to come here and transfer to Virginia Tech after a year or so, but I just cant do that anymore.  Class sizes are small enough where you can actually have 1 on 1's with professors and not 100's of kids in class.  The river makes summers nice too, floating down
Awsome college
#TurnUp I love Radford
I love Radford so much! One of the best decision I've made in my life! For some reason it has the reputation as 'The Party School' but we are just as focused and dedicated to out studies as any other school.
I absolutely love it here!
They are very freindly, and know how to have fun but still get work done.
I love being a highlander and don't ever want to leave. There business school will become number one in the near future!
I love it here!
Radford University is amazing! It is the perfect size! I am in the music department studying music therapy, and every single one of the music professors really care about your education. They are some of the most talented and passionate people you'll ever meet.
LOVE IT!
This school is fantastic. The classes are small and allow teachers to have more time for each individual student! Radford University feels like home, and has great people to meet! COME TO RADFORD! ITS GREAT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I love my school! I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else
.....
Food isn't that wonderful but the classes and professors are worth it.
I love the school. I'm glad that I chose to atend Radford University!
good school
It's not as bad as some other colleges I went to in the area but the school's academic programs and core gen. ed requirements could be much better.
Absolutely the best decision I ever made was coming to Radford University! Put the reputation behind, take a tour, and fall in love !
We really aren't a party school anymore.
Love this school. Not a good rep on parties but you sure do have some kick butt parties! FYI just don't get busted and if you do tell officer William that KT sent you here, he might let you off easy.
Radford is great!!!!!
Its the perfect size.
I love Radford! So glad I came here. I am a freshman and I have loved it so far, and the extracurricular activities are awesome!
Don't judge a book by it's cover, and by that I actually mean don't judge a school by what others tend to say about it. Radford is amazing and has currently been the highlight of my life. I <3 RU
I love it here! I toured it and I knew it was for me. I even made it into JMU and VT, but I just knew that I would like it here. It has a bad rep for being a party school, but if we're all being honest, what college doesn't have parties. It's also under a lot of construction for major additions. I love the campus and the environment.
This is a love or hate school. If you are not really into partying you will probably hate it. On a positive note they do have some really great professors here.
Radford is awesome!!
Transfer students that are looking to be Biology majors beware. Your credits wont transfer and you will have to fight tot get into classes. There are more Biology classes for Nursing students than BIO majors.
Radford is an awesome school with a beautiful campus, I absolutely love it!
Radford University is  great school! I never regret for a minute choosing Radford. While the food sometimes sucks, you get used to it!
I'm glad I chose Radford.
Radford is a pretty good school. The faculty isn't always the best at helping the students and the food is crap, but other than that Radford is an awesome school.
great school. perfect size, beautiful campus, wonderful professors and staffs.
It may be known as a party school but that is being cracked down on. The education is great and the teachers work close with us.
Radford University is a wonderful school and has AMAZING professors.
Amazing. Love it.
Radford is an excellent college! The size is perfect, the dining is decent, and the extracurricular activities are sublime.
I have loved every minute I have been here at Radford.
Underrated school. Small class sizes. Excellent professors for the most part. Plenty to do and get involved with. Campus is gorgeous, easily walked and perfect setting. Not perfect but highly recommended.
Because Radford is such a small school greek life is a huge thing, they are very rude and snobby. The campus is the only nice thing around there. Radford is a dried up area with little to do. I went for a year and had to get out because how trashy the school was.
Radford may have a bad reputation but there is no school out there that compares. Best college in Virginia!
The school is beautiful and the academics are challenging. However  the school is very cliquey and not welcoming to new comers. There is almost no school sprit and socially people are worse than my high school peers. I have made very few real friends. Almost everyone here is a user.  Im here to get my degree and get out.
Let's party
The campus is beautiful, the people are generally nice and fun, the majority of the professors are super nice and easy to work with... We get a bad reputation because we party hard but we also do our work and study. The people who don't try get weeded out after the first semester of freshmen year. This is a great school.
This University is AMAZING
Best place ever! I would not want to go anywhere else!!
I love Radford University, it is definitely my dream school. I love how small my classes are, how friendly everyone is here, and the campus is BEAUTIFUL! Radford University doesn't get the best reputation, but I think its a great school.
I LOVE RU!! Perfect school for me!
campus is amazing! so many opportunities and so many things to do! As long as you make multiple friends you WILL NOT BE BORED! i wouldn't have chosen any other school over this one. its perfect for me.
The campus is beautiful, I LOVE the small class sizes, and the smaller campus. Nothing is torture to walk to. The food is okay, Sushi and ABP is where to go! yeah we don't have a football team  but we still know how to party.
Best choice I ever made.
My first choice school. I love it here.
Clubs are superb!  The administration works its butt off to offer the best to over 200 clubs.  Check them out--annual Fall Club Fair is a blow-out.
I love Radford so much, it's a great school with small class sizes, and a great social scene.
Everyone here is so friendly! Great atmosphere! Endless opportunities if you take advantage of them. The reputation is gradually getting better, but it truly is a great school with great laid back people.
Go  to Radford!
Radford is such an awesome school. I couldn't picture myself anywhere else. The smaller class sizes provide students with a lot more hands-on experience. Unlike other schools, when you go to Radford you're a name rather than just a number. Not to mention our parties are amazing. Radford is a win win school, just make sure to take studies seriously.
I love the campus! It is a great size and is simply beautiful! All the buildings are great and stocked with the newest, latest technology! Class size is awesome and all the professors get to know you.
Radford is pretty rad.
It may be a small school but it is a big world. love it here so much perfect student teacher ratio the academic side of the school is so much better than what people believe based on the reputation of the university as a party school.
The administration are not fans of articulating requirements or returning emails so if you have any issues, talk to someone in person. I like the school- I have good teachers for the most part but some of them act like they can't be bothered by us. You'll get out of it what you put into it but the bad rep they have is not caused by the students.
Radford is a known party school BUT it isn't a party school anymore. There isn't nearly as many parties as there used to be. If you think about it, every school is a party school. Radford has worked hard to get away from the reputation, so even though some still think of it's parties... things are changed
I am a Marketing Major at Radford University, and I am confident that the skills, knowledge and hands-on experience that I have acquired from the Marketing Program surpass every other university andor college in Virginia. I am excited to apply my knowledge of marketing in the real world, because Radford has taught me the secret recipe to success.
It's cold
I absolutely love this school! I've grown up in Redford and love where it is. So beautiful!
Love it here! Wish more people respected this school.
Radford is a really great school that has a lot of opportunities and programs. It is known as a party school but not everyone does. Radford has a beautiful campus and really great people!
Radford doesn't have the best reputation but it is a great school. Radford has a beautiful campus, great people and great academics. We have some of the best academic programs in the state. We do have a fun social life here. Wish people respected Radford more.
It's alright.
Love it here!!!
gj
OKAY
The experience is one that every college student should have.
The campus is under a lot of reconstruction right now but it's going to awesome when it's done! The new fitness and wellness center is amazing and the dorms are going to be banging. Just saying. I love Radford. Small classes, teachers know my name, challenging courses but not too much. Small campus you can walk all the way across in about ten min!
Mad wild. Raddy is where its' at. Just don't forget to study!
Radford is the perfect university if you're looking for a smaller campus. It's so quaint  and snuggled right in the Blue Ridge Mountains. The food on campus is super limited and our reputation is not so good ("party school"). However, all colleges party, Radford is just on another level. Stay focused, make lots of friends, and buy some groceries!
Radford gets better and better every year! LOVE MY SCHOOL
Radford is an amazing school with great professors and classes, and its also the best place to go to have fun. Classes are interesting and you learn a lot, but its not all about learning. Radford has some great people and great times.
Stay away from IT professors and I would think twice before chosing IT and CSC major.
Radford is a wonderful place to be overall. All the professors are super helpful and nice, and will go out of their way in order to help you succeed.
Radford feels like home. It is known for being a party school, but all schools are party schools. We just do it best. It's very easy to get caught up in that hype. You have to know when to buckle down and get serious. Your teachers will be there for you, some will even sit down and talk about personal matters. Radford is constantly being worked on.
