I love RU! It's a smaller campus so I don't feel so overwhelmed and for the most part the faculty are stellar! Proud to be a Highlander!
Radford has a beautiful campus, library, and the people are awesome!
Love this school and the professors!!!
Radford is one of the most down to earth schools ive been to. Its such a beautiful area out here in the mountains.
Wonderful campus in a wonderful place. Small, quaint and supportive community full of opportunities to further your education. Not only is this university a true bang for your buck, but I promise you won't regret choosing Radford University as they care about the students success and well being as well.
I'm currently a second semester Sophomore at Radford and I LOVE IT. The professors challenge you, the social aspect of the university is amazing, and the campus is absolutely beautiful. I've met some of the greatest people here.  No place I'd rather be.
I love my school.
The college is great! Don't listen to the old rumor that just wont die that this is a party school. I have come to respect the school and its teachers. It often frustrates me when I hear people who have never even stepped foot on campus talk down Radford's reputation. The campus is clean and well kept. It is a great school to attend!
When I was applying to colleges and chose Radford I got criticized for it being a "party school" when really it's just like any other college. Sure you have your parties like everyone else and it gets a little crazy sometimes but hey that's college, not just Radford. It's up to you how you want to spend your time here, and you CAN choose education.
Its a pretty cool campus, its freezing in the winter though! If you use this website for professors, there absolutely correct usually.
Radford is a wonderful reason to go to a four year residential school.  The university is located in a small town that is chock full of nice and helpful people.  I hate the fact that a reputation of frequent parties continue to be attached to the reputation of my school.  There are more parties at UVA, and University of Richmond, and others schools
Great university, amazing experience in a beautiful location.
Radford is awesome!
Radford is a beautiful place to be. It's a great place to get your higher education. I encourage anybody who really has a passion to come here. It's a great place to grow personally and academically. I'm proud to call Radford University my school!
Radford University's Information Technology department is the best kept secret in the area. Class sizes are small, professors have amazing life and work experience, along with great connections. If you don't have a job when you graduate, it's your fault. The only complaint I have is the lack of cultural diversity.
Radford University is amazing, especially the College of Business and Economics. The new gym is amazing and gives students a great opportunity to better themselves. If you get the chance, study abroad, its worth it. During the summer, definitely walk on down to the New River for a nice relaxing float. The people are great as well! Love Radford!!!
Radford is amazing. The rep gives it a bad name, but it's really not all about partying here. I love it and can't wait for the next 3 years.
I love it here
Calm and peace campus. Everyone's friendly and nice.
Radford is a social school for sure, you find where you fit after a full year. The classes are just the right size and most of the professorsinstructors are very personable. The campus is gorgeous when the weather permits and you definitely experience all four seasons here in the mountains. I really love Radford and all it has to offer.
The students and faculty here are great if you step out of your bounds to meet new people. The food an internet may not be the best, but I've been places with much worse!
cant wait to be a highlander!
Enjoyed my time down here.
An awesome school. A very good education department. Food is pretty good, even in the dining hall. Teachers are average. Campus is BEA-utiful! Friendly town, nice people, bus system is very helpful. I LOVE IT HERE.
Great Experience!
Radford has the reputation of being a party school, however that image is rapidly changing. The campus and the surrounding area are beautiful. As far as academics go, the opportunities here are great. Due to a lack of graduate programs, students have many research and publication opportunities which provide advantage when applying to grad school.
wouldn't trade Raddy for the world!
Like 3 decent food choices (which close at like 8 and are closed on the weekends) Pretty campus (when its not under construction - which it always is) Only thing to do here is A) Party B) Go some other place Last year we still had to go to class in -20 degree weather with ice everywhere. Perfect school if you want to be a shut in frat boy
There are a lot of things about Radford that people can pick on it for, but overall, it has made the transition from home life to college so much easier than I thought possible. I love the people, the campus, the professors, and I'm so happy that I picked Radford as my new home!
Radford is a small university so it allows you to have a close relationship with your professors and met different people all around campus. The food could use improving, they have limited choices and very weird courses.
Not as much of a party school anymore. You can still get turnt up without any difficulty at any time during any day of the week, but it's still a great campus with great faculty.
Some programs more well reputed than others. Good opportunities if you are willing to reach out to professors and look for them. Didn't much care for the social aspects of it. Also the parking sucks.
Coming here was the best decision I could have ever made.
The food can be improve clubs are good but Radford could do a better job at getting people involved. Should hire better proffesors who actually have classes and don't cancel constantly.
i'm international student radford is best collage ever
A lot of opportunities here, I love my professors, just wish it were not down in the boonies...
Redford is great! Professors are wonderful,campus is beautiful,night life is fun!! Just wish it was in a different location. It can get boring at times and finding out what goes on can be difficult but great for the most part
Absolutely love Radford! The campus is beautiful and located in a great place. Smaller school so there is a very personal feel which makes it more comfortable. Definitely love being here!
Though Radford is known for being a crazy party school in the 80's, 90's, and early 2000's, the attitude has changed quite a bit.  The opportunities available for undergraduates are immense.  Our University funds undergraduate research in all fields!  The teachers also have a unique investment in their students!
I've spent four of the best years of my life in this town. I'm going to miss it greatly after graduation.
woo
Radford is a great school and does not always receive the credit it deserves. Yes, we like to have social gatherings. But we also have one of the best nursing and business schools in the state. Oh and tuition is incredibly cheap. Holla
The main reason that the reputation of Radford isn't great is because a lot of people believe it to be nothing, but a party school. Radford should definitely receive more recognition than it does. It has a beautiful location being in the mountains and right next to the river. It has the best nursing school in the state, and pretty decent food.
it good
The food options are not the greatest and everything closes early on campus.  The wifi is terrible, but I love the school and my experience there so far.
Did not enjoy my time, the school is very cliquey and has few clubs and activities to be involved in. The school has low sense of community and overall was not a encouraging environment. If I did college over I would not go here again.
Radford is truly just a party school. My three years here have been absolutely miserable. I highly suggest applying to other colleges. The internet is terrible and there are too many cliques.
Radford is a great campus all around, considering. It's a university settled in a small town. If it wasn't a college town, no one would ever hear about it. They are constantly working on updating and constructing building, which is great to see it's still growing. Opportunities are tried to be offered, but you have to help yourself. I love it here!
Great school,perfect size. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
This is my first and last semester at Radford. I actually did not want to come here at all. Once the hype of the my first university experience settled I realized that the only thing I like about this campus is the Library and my classes. Its a good school, but not for me. Its too small and I miss my family lol. So off to VCU I go!! Or ODU!
I really like this school. I'm glad I chose Radford
Their admissions standards are really low so they let any body in.  I didnt apply until the week before clases started and they made room for me in class.  I know its not harvard but I just want the degree so im gonna stay until they kick me out.  The internet suks though.  U cant log on if your not on campus.  I cant rate the libary cuase I havnt
Radford is a beautiful campus. Not always the best, but every school has its bad days. The internet is questionable at times but most of the time it was fine. The clubs and organizations on campus are endless. The food isn't terrible, not too many options, especially on the weekends, but you'll survive. The gym is amazing!
After a year of going here I decided to transfer. The classes are not challenging, show up and you get an A. The school is so small that you feel you have to be involved in greek life. Also, there ere drugs available everywhere.
Please apply to radford. Its the best decision you'll ever make.
Radford is a great school! It's not too big and it's not too small! EVerybody is really nice! Definitely get out of your room and be social and you will make friends!
Radford University is an excellent school. It's not too big or too small and there are many different activities to choose from. If you get involved in social activities on campus, you will have a chance to meet many different students.
Radford is an amazing school in my opinion. I will be continuing my education to graduate school next year and I believe Radford has given me the tools to be successful. It has low admission standards which gives the school a bad reputation. However, once here the opportunities  to prepare yourself for the real world are endless. Great school.
I love Radford
Exceeded my expectations and I couldn't picture myself attending school anywhere else. My professors are intelligent and passionate. I've made lifelong friendships. Radford is my home.
Like most people here, Radford wasn't my first choice, but now I never want to leave. It really, really grows on you. As long as you don't need to interact with the administration.
Its an overall good school.
its lit
everyone here is so friendly and nice! Radford has the reputation of a party school, and don't get me wrong the parties are fun but Radford isn't as trashy as it is portrayed to be. I came to Radford expecting to transfer, but after my first semester I knew I would never want to leave. I love my school!
I don't mind the school, but there is really nothing around it. The food on campus isn't all that great, since there is only like 5 options. There isn't much around the campus to eat either, just best to stay in and eat. Academically, the professors are very helpful and informative.
Biggest advice to give: your experience depends on your crowd.   Choose friends based on who you are and not who you wish you were.  Knew so many people who formed friendships based off partying, then ended up transferring because they didn't find people who related to them outside of drinking.
Love it here, all around great university.
Radford like most other school's is all what you make it. So if decide to just sit in your room and go to class then of course you're going to hate it. However if you decide to join clubs and be active on campus as well as engage socially you will love it. For the most part my professors are real professionals and know what thy're doing.
boring no food at all
Nutrition
Radford University is a campus full of fun and opportunity. There is something here for everyone. With over 200 clubs and organizations you can always find something to do. The population is big enough to meet someone new everyday but small enough to always run into someone you know. Redford University becomes your home. You'll never want to leave.
Radford University is a beautiful campus, gives you ever opportunity you could have ever thought. The Food in the morning is amazing and the food after is good just nothing compares to breakfast at Radford. I would not choose any other school.
I love it here. If you get involved it is amazing, there's always something to do unless you're lazy and just sit in your dorm all day. I'm so glad I chose to go here.
There's nothing off campus to do in the area. You have to drive to Christiansburg for all major stores and good food places. The parking around campus is limited on the weekends and tickets are given throughout the week. Radford lives up to its reputation of a party school for sure.
Radford's everyone's safety school. But that makes it okay? A lot of smart people go here, and a lot of people looking to have fun go here. The old party school rep is a ghost. A lot of us call the school crappy but god forbid anyone else do that I'd defend this crap hole. Radford is homey, quaint. They do a lot for us. The Reason is Radford :V
Radford feels like home!
I got the most out of RU as it is a true American campus where you can experience really college life and GREEK LIFE.   Small class size helped me to interact with prof easily
I had always heard awful things about Radford, such as "it's just a party school" or "you won't learn anything". It has been amazing. It's not a huge school but big enough so you won't see the same person twice. Great place to be!
radford is THE school if you like to party but greek life is very big
I was told this is just a party school, but they really believe in working hard and playing hard.  All the new buildings are awesome and the professors really care about you learning the material and getting involved in things you are passionate about.
Radford may have a reputation as a "party school" and a lesser version of VT, but the small student to teacher ratio and home-like coziness, this school is the best option for people who may not want a large school like VT. Radford is a great school.
The food can be kind of crappy but the university is really on the come up!
I had the best time of my life at this University and wouldn't trade it for anything. Great campus with great people.
Radford is the best!11
I'm from the city so location wise Radford isnt really ideal for me but if you stay active on campus you can make up for it. Everyone parties but it can get old after a while. Education is really good but as far as pride goes, I dont have much of it like I should. Everyone wears apparel from every school but Radford. Fried Chicken Friday is great!
I've been going to Radford since 2013. Great school and the small class sizes are perfect.
Beautiful views of mountains just beyond the campus
I like it here alot
Unfortunately people still see Radford for what is was 30 years ago and cant seem  to go away from it, but we really arent considered a crazy party school anymore. As for the location, there are many adventurous things to do since we're around a beautiful area. The food is nothing great but there is a steakhouse. Plenty of clubs and totally safe!
If I had the choice I would never leave RU! Feel so much like home and the campus is amazing!! Best choice I have ever made!!
Don't let the reputation fool you, best school in the state for the money and hands on experience. Don't get that at big named schools.
Radford is definitely endearing. A lot of the professors are real gems and while the 1-ply toilet paper and spotty wifi is a pain in the butt, we're a pretty awesome community. You're definitely a part of the Radford community when you come here. Not as lively on campus as it is around campus.
When you first reach the school you're taken in by the beautiful campus. The campus is designed perfectly that the longest that you will have to walk is about 10-15 minutes to class. The food choices are limited but moving off campus helps with that and off-campus housing is easy to find and close. Beautiful mountains for hiking and socializing.
Student body has no respect it seems like.  Every person here still belongs in high school
The wifi is awful, but the choices for clubs is absolutely outstanding! The food at dalton sucks in the evnings, but on the bright side the breakfast is good! If you're looking for healthy food choices you might as well do your own grocery shopping. BUT NEVER GO WITHOUT A FOOD PLAN.
Radford University gives their students a multitude of opportunities to thrive and build on their future careers. It is a beautiful place and a well kept campus with great people and an abundance of helpful staff in the heart of the New River Valley. As a student, I am grateful to be attending this school for my bachelor's degree.
Radford is great if you like a smaller, cheap school. There's always construction on campus, the professors are very lax, and there's not much to do off campus unless to make the 30 minute drive to Virginia Tech. If you're in it for the parties, Raddy's your place.
Radford is a great university. The people are great, I love my professors and I'm excited for my future here.
Nice school
If you don't like greek life, this school is not for you. High school part 2!
You will not regret choosing Radford. Professors are caring and the people are great.
Great school, nice professors!
It's lit
Love this place.
Great school
Love it here! The class sizes are perfect, the teachers are friendly, helpful, and have flexible office hours.  They're incredibly student-oriented; any research that goes on at the school is student-based with instructor guidance. It isn't the instructors pet project that they may or may not include you in on.
Love it here, geek life is a must.
I am so glad I choose Radford.  there is a good class size and the campus is small.  food options get old after a while but its not unbearable.  Choosing this school will definitely make college memorable
Radford is good for the high school student who just can't let go Its very homey, however, if you aren't in greek life you will be bored out of your mind. (unless you want to hang w freshman) Most transfer after year 2, i don't blame themI'm on my way.
Radford is a very small school, if youre looking for a big school feel this isnt the school for you. I like Radford and I transferred here after two years of community college I only have a year left, If I wouldve came here as a freshman there is a chance I wouldve transferred, not much going on.
Radfords campus is always undergoing construction and there's plenty of room for improvement in terms of campus appearance and living. The grass is spotty and yellow, the buildings are grimy, there's a lack of hot water in some residence halls, there's the occasional flea outbreak, and the food is usually undercooked.
Radford isn't a party school like it use to be.  The professors are alright.  Good networking and job opportunities.  The area is very boring out in the sticks.  A good school to focus.  RSPACE has alot of events and activities going on. This school is okay!
i love radytown
Make sure you read the housing policy before signing and be aware they make you live on campus for 2 years with little opportunity to get off campus in that span.  Plus if you go to get your transcripts sent for transferring they make you go through several meetings trying to get you to stay and its awful
would transfer if i could, once you have been here about a year your pretty well stuck till you graduate depending on your major.
Radford is a growing school, and cultivating a new reputation.
I've been at this university for almost 3 complete years now and I am very happy with my choice. The scenery is beautiful and they have spent a hefty amount of money on construction to make the appearance from sub-par to gorgeous. There are many opportunities offered, especially internships I did not know I would be able to have. I love this place.
Radford is a great university. I came here as an international student from Mexico City and I love it. The RU community is awesome, people and professors are nice overall, there are many things you can do outdoors and places to go shopping and hang out, the campus size is perfect, academics are excelent, and the overall RU experience is a blast!
The reputation that it's only a party school where stupid kids go is bs. The food on campus kinda sucks, everything gets tiring after a while since there's not many options on campus. Christainsburg and Blacksburg is where all the good food is at which isn't too far. Lots of friendly people here though and the location is pretty nice too.
Beautiful campus!
I never thought I'd fall in love with Radford because I grew up near here. But, now I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else. The professors genuinely care and there something here for everyone. Go Highlanders!
I have nothing more to add!
Perfect school.
I am out of state and so it was hard adjusting but so worth it.
My only negative thing about Radford is the food. The selections get old, and they aren't that healthy or appetizing. Muse dinner is a must though. I love the campus and variety of clubs and organizations. Small town, but I found it to be my home.
The food kinda sucks but all of the professors are great! Really fun school that is very social. Doesn't have a very good rep but it is a good school, I promise.
My only complaint about Radford is the utter lack of networking opportunities. The Career services office is a joke. Once you graduate, you're on your own. They've already got your money and they just don't care if you sink or swim. Other than that, I had an excellent experience.
Radford University has changed a lot since I arrived here in the Fall of 2014, as a freshman. They have brand new facilities and most of the buildings on campus have become more modern. The social life is great if that is what you are looking for. I love this school and there is no where else like it. I'm proud to be a Highlander.
I love everything about Radford because of all of the clubs, the compact campus, all the restaurants you get with your meal plan, all the places that take RU Express if you ever forgot cash, and how close it is to the New River. Everything about Radford in my opinion is ideal as long as you know it's not like a super populated city.
If you love a good time and want a good education then this is the place for you.
I'm a freshman in the graduating class of 2021. My biggest problem with the school is some courses are difficult to get into and they are required to take to get into upper levels which sucks. I'm in 3 clubs (Board game club is best haha) and have a work study job as a freshman. So far it's good.
I'm so happy that I chose to go here. We have an outstanding teaching program and the professors, for the most part, are top notch! Definitely try Muse lunch or dinner, because it is absolutely delicious. Most of the facilities are new or have recently been renovated. It's the perfect size for a college because you don't feel like just a number.
I really enjoy Radford. It's the best school I've ever attended.
It's alright for the price.
I'm happy I came here
The school is really under rated. As a nursing major this Unversity is half the price of every other college I looked at such as: Liberty, JMU, Jefferson, ect. For the price of education its a really good deal. However if you want a social life here you will not have one unless you are apart of a frat or sororiety.
Sometimes you get tired of eating the same food, everybody mad cool, the residence halls are nice, and theres not a lot of campus events as other colleges. But overall it a 7.8 out of 10
I love every second I am here!
great school that i love.
I absolutely love Radford. Leaving home was definitely hard for me, but I've learned to love my second home here in Radford. Although I do wish we had a rec center that wasn't 15 minutes away, as well as a football team, Radford is still an amazing school. It gets a horrible rep, but Radford is not like what people say. I love it here.
I got so much crap from people in high school for picking Radford. Radford IS NOT a party school like it used to be. Yes, there are parties just like every college, but the reputation is better. Great professors, so many opportunities to be successful. The food gets old, but you can always go shopping instead. Absolutely in love with this school!!
love it
Great school/beautiful campus
Beautiful campus. SWVA is gorgeous. Could be better, but the newly renovated buildings and dorms are delightful.
