Radford is awesome. Such a beautiful campus, it's got big school amenities but a small school community. As long as you at least attempt to get out of your room and get involved I guarantee you'll find something to do and you'll love every minute of it.
Great university in a small town. Being in the mountains is absolutely beautiful. Student-teacher ratio is small for the most part so you really get to know your professor.
I would not recommend Radford University to anyone who wants to have fun during college. Period. -limited food -SMALL town -frat parties are bad-gets old , quick Im leaving to go to another school and never looking back!
Radford is a great school if you're someone who doesn't prefer big schools. Since it's so small, you really get to know your professors better, which I think is important. Campus isn't too small but it's easy to get around. There's something for everyone to get involved in as long as you get out & try. Wish there was more food options though.
I LOVE RADFORD! Most people say that Radford is just a "party school" but so is any other school. There are so many clubs, and the people are so nice here. It's so beautiful and most buildings are remodeled. The dorms are nice, and most are remodeled as well. Not many places to eat, but Christiansburg is only 15 minutes away with more food options!
Everyone knows Radford is easy to get into and is classes here are just a step above community college. All there is to do here is get belligerent. I have never met a successful professional with a good salary that graduated from Radford.
It can be good when you first get here. But there's nothing much to do after a certain point, not enough food options, and it's in the middle of nowhere. Some professors can make your life, but I can't say I've been happy here for a while. It sucks. I liked it when I got here.
It is a not to bad university. The city is so depressing there is literally nothing here. There are only 3 "clubs." There are only a few food places and they suck. The only good thing is that is you like to party this is the University for you. Radford University is more known for being a party school.
I love being a highlander alum. Small enough campus you see someone you know whenever you are on campus. Dorm life is great. Small enough classes you know your teacher, but can also miss a class or two and not be noticed. Beautiful campus. Parties are dope, but there's tons to do if you're not into the party scene.
If you looking to party this is the school for you. If you want to get an education you should drive 30 minutes to VTech cause education is not a priority here and i'm being honest. Food choices do not exist here and if you run low on your meal plan start rationing quickly and sleep for dinner. Friends are great but half will fail out next semester
Really nice campus and the mountains are pretty, but Radford the city is mainly just the school, and there's nothing nearby unless you go to neighboring cities. Plenty to do on campus if you're into that, if not you pretty much have any outdoor activities to choose from. I enjoy the school, not the city.
RU is a great outdoors location. The university is reputable, and most professors seem so too. The Radford Transit can take students almost anywhere. The University, unfortunately, has a monopoly on student housing (will force you to live on-campus infinitely) and forces expensive meal plansboth of which are detrimental to the local economy :(
Food choices are very limited. Nearby restaurants are mostly pizzas, burgers, and other junk foods. The school also has very limited food choices. We have to stuck with PaPa Johns, Wendy's and Chick Fil A everyday A. Dalton Kitchen's menu is always repeating. Internet in dorm is unstable even the router is in my room. But good living environment
everyone is very nice and all the buildings are well kept.
could be worse
It's an all around amazing school. Yes, it does have a party reputation; however, the partying is not that bad. You could easily go here and not have to worry about that.
Overall it is a great school with amazing opportunities. The professors care about their students and work hard to help them succeed!
Radford has been on the rise this past year to the newer buildings and more restaurants and opportunities outside of school. This year we became big south champs making our school more recognized the best is yet to come
The campus is beautiful, the faculty are awesome and the diverse campus has something to offer for everyone!! (The campus is also exceptionally beautiful all year 'round).
Its a ok school overall
I love Radford, I know my review seems a bit contradicting but I stuck around this long and I am even doing another year to get a minor. I love some aspects and hate others but that is life really so Id recommend it.
RU was actually it was my last choice but I ended up falling in love. Academia and professors are just amazing! You have tons of opportunities to have your voice heard. Radford's reputation as a party school isn't completely true. You'll find a party if you look for them, but if that's not your scene you'll still make friends in your classes.
If you are a science major find another university. Science majors either drop out or take six years to graduate. And even then youre only path two graduation is going to be an interdisciplinary do you agree combining Meijers other than you intended. Select a different school
Science majors, carefully find a school that can help you graduate in 4 years. Radford University is NOT that university.
Great Location if you like a small town feel. If you like a big town you can go 15-20 minutes to Blacksburg. The buses will take you there if you don't have a car. The Student Rec Center is phenomenal and I spend a lot of time there.
Known as a party school, but is only a party school if thats what you make of it. I have met bright and intelligent individuals on campus over the years and have never run into bad professors. Higher up decisions in the university are not always best considering two of my classes this semester had a makeover half way in but overall is a good school
Radford is a really great school with great opportunities for its students. I love the location and just everything about this school. Everyone is so kind and motivational.
Not as bad as it is made out to be sometimes. It is small which is great because you have better chances at making connections.
Best years of my LIFE! Advice for two types of people: My partiers: there's lots of parties and unforgettable memories at RU. But a word of caution: don't get sucked into what people call the "black hole" 15 out of 20 of my friends had dropped out after freshman year (DON'T just party). My smart friends: GET THAT GPA POPPIN FRESHMAN YEAR! Trust me.
great campus. everyone is really friendly and helpful. lots of snow!
The food at Radford gets very tiring. There are only 10 places to eat on campus, in which some aren't open during the weekend. Dalton disgusting unless a tour or open house is on campus. The New River Grill: I had chicken that wasn't fully cooked one time and another time I ate there, I got sick and had to run to the bathroom.
The reason is Radford no matter what happens good or bad
It's alright
Professors are incredible, food is really good, and good work gets recognized. If you're a transfer or change your major, you definitely have to advocate for yourself. There is not enough staff on registrar, and there is not enough staff for the teacher education program concerning the paperwork. The program itself has been incredible, though!
If you want close relationships with people, great teachers, a beautiful campus and a lot of activities well.. this is YOUR university. I came here as a Senior undergraduate in the Fall 2017 and I could not stop thinking about it when my exchanged program was over. I applied for Graduate School and am currently doing an English MS.
Radford is great.
Radford is a beautiful campus! Some may say its boring but you have to go out and meet people! Overall I love Radford
Raford is a great place 
Great school. A lot of great professors. I come from city life and other than parties there isn't much to do or a lot of name brand stores near by. Frankly on the weekends i'm quite bored. I would like to do things other than hike go to games or shop at the very limited stores around. However Radford is very clean nice facilities.
It doesn't get all the credit it deserves. I like it so much more than I thought I would and I am very happy with my choice to come here. Sure it can be boring at times, but there are still things to do and so many friends to make. The professors really care and are always there to help.
Radford certainly does not get the credit it deserves. It definately stacks up against larger state schools and prepares students very well for their careers.
Radford isn't a commonly well-known school in my area, but I decided to give it a shot. I toured the campus and fell in LOVE. It's a perfect sized university and all the professors I have had so far are so nice and accommodating.
I really love Radford. It has so many wonderful instructors, and the location is beautiful. The city is small, and there isn't much nightlife in the area. My biggest issue is about safety. The area feels safe, but you won't always hear about crimes on campus, and there aren't enough emergency phone poles on campus. I've heard scary rumors.
Its always been my familys school for years. Never has it been this crazy and hectic. My only complaint is for my safety and the food . Everything here is basically vegan or vegetarian based and it always making somebody stomach hurt. I cant deal with that
Radford is my home. I didn't have to look very far to find that I fit in perfectly here. Classes and profs are great, parties are great, you meet tons of cool people (but don't lose track of your school work!). Radford is def underrated - really should be higher up on a lot of lists. Tons of job opportunities, everyone's willing to help you succeed
College anywhere is simply how YOU make it!
As a music major attending Radford University I truly believe college is what you make of it no matter where you go. I have a job and carry 16-18 credit hours all semesters but still find time to practice and attend social events. Every professor I have come across has been caring and will never give up a chance to have a laugh with you after class
It is easy to get into, but hard to stay. There are competitive programs and we have many pipeline programs for grad schools. The campus is small and pretty. There is not much of a town. Social life is greek oriented.
Honestly love this school and all they people Ive met. Its the perfect size and all my classes are the perfect size.
Radford is an average sized school. I like that I can get from one side of campus to another in about 8 mins. There are so many events here which I love. There are a lot of clubs. Which the social part, Radford is 10/10. I wish there were more food places here. You will definitely get tired of it. But overall im glad I came here for my undergrad.
I love the university, it's a beautiful campus with rich diversity, nice people, and opportunities if you make the effort to search and ask. Such a shame it has a reputation for partying, people normally only party on weekends alike every university. We should be able to have a fun, memorable college experience while also focusing on our education.
coming into campus you start to realize how friendly everyone is. and the proffesors actually want you to pass their course
I have really truly enjoyed my time at Radford University. Dont let its reputation of being a party school put you off its really more about what you put into it.
I had a great time and got a great education.
There is not much to do because the area is rural. Very hill and great for outdoor lovers. The campus in nestled right into the mountains.
I consider RU more of a home than my actual home.
Radford is amazing! It wasn't my top choice school, but I wouldn't change a thing about being here. There is a lot to do here if you like outdoor activities. If you're from more of a city area, it's harder to find things to do. The social life is amazing, and it's so many people. The diversity is growing more and more!
The campus itself is dirty there is cigabutts everywhere trash everywhere you look. professors are okay..
eh
Easiest curriculum in Virginia, definitely recommend for undergrad. Most of the professors are good. Location sucks, not much here, but the social life at radford makes up for it.
nothing to do besides drink most of the time. the food sucks and the school doesn't care about its students
love RU
It used to be a very fun social scene that is getting worse and worse every year due to Greek Life wanting to kick everyone off. The school could care less about their students, and this is continuously getting worse and worse every year.
