Just a freshman and even with COVID, I absolutely love RU. Made tons of friends and joined several great organizations already. The opportunities are everywhere. Can't wait to go back.
Radford is an alright school for certain degrees, but mine doesn't appear to be one of them. The classes are mostly empty and the teachers are pretty bland. I don't think I've been able to strike up a conversation with a single person during my time here. The campus is okay, but if you're looking for friends, go to a different school.
just a solid, average college. not as pricey as other Virginia colleges but also not the cheapest. easy to find your way around since the campus isn't too big. has a reputation of being a party school so if you're into that then you're good - but if you're not, then you'll kinda be out of the social loop. still alright though.
RU is a decent enough school, but some majors are much less focused on than others. Not many social activities or events either.
the campus is phenomenal and i love it so much, so much to do its great
RU is great, professors have mostly been helpful and attentive. Makes me miss RU when I'm not there.
If you want to meet the worst people ever, go for it. The Athletic Department is such a business, they don't care about you are your well being. Leave, it's the best thing you'll ever do.
Don't expect to meet anyone or make any friends.
By word of mouth this school is not the most well reputed, but the people here are lovely and the professors caring and personal. It is not too big or too small and all in all a great choice.
food is nasty after a while nothing is ever new
Best school
there are about 7 places to eat on campus, they all close very early so if you don't eat an early dinner you are screwed, on weekends 2 places are open.
Going here for grad school. Has a great Counselor Education program. The campus is beautiful and the people are friendly. Easy to get around even if you don't have a car because there is Radford Transit.
Great schooling, and opportunities, but you are responsible for finding a job after almost entirely on your own
