The campus is beautiful, it makes going to class so much more enjoyable.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk. Since the day I stepped foot in Lawrence I knew this school was it- we bleed blue. I think I knew for sure I was coming to Kansas when I saw the goth - black nails and all- in a Collins jersey. I have had only one bad classroom experience and it was due to the rambling TA. Best decision of my life was coming to KU.
Great place to be.
KU is a great school to attend. The foreign language depts here are very hard and rigourous but that's why you are able to learn so much! KU also has a great study abraod program. Don't really have many complaints. As a freshman, there are so many resources to make you feel welcome and learn about the campus! Overall, KU is a great place to be!!!!!
Awesome college in an awesome city.
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK! from People's Republic of CHINA!
Great School
Get involved.  It makes a huge difference in your overall experience and memories!
The campus is GORGEOUS. It makes me happy each day just by walking down Jayhawk Boulevard. This is a great school that offers anything that anyone would ever want to do. This school is the heart of the town and by coming here, I feel as if I am part of something bigger than just a school. It's a community experience. Rock Chalk Jayhawk! Go KU!
The academic quality of course doesn't par with an ivy-league, but compared to everything in it's class, I would personally say it's superior. The basketball tradition is incredible and the other sports are pretty decent. Gorgeous campus, good location, excellent library system, quality study abroad, scholarship halls, etc., etc...Highly Recommend
Rock Chalk
best school ever
gooooo ku!
Great!
Clubs are not very interesting.
The traditions combined with the city of Lawrence have made my college experience irreplaceable. Once a Jayhawk, always a Jayhawk. Rock Chalk.
I could have gone to a much more prestigous school but chose money due to its great value. It is not hard to get a great education here if you have the right drive. Lawrence is amazing and always has a great concert scene year in and year out. Also, KU basketball is where its at! Rock Chalk!
Jayhawk Basketball. Enough said.
KU Engineering is great, there is plenty of opportunity for involvement and almost all professors are encouraging and helpful!
Yes, lots of party kids go here.  But if you choose the right major, you will find yourself surrounded by great, hardworking people (who sometimes party).
This is easily the best university to attend in Kansas if you are interested in learning about anything with an International perspective.
I love KU.  Definitely glad I went here!  Rock Chalk!
Join a Frat or do not come to KU. If you are a GDI you wont fit in.
Great, top-notch, educational programs to go along with storied basketball program which unites the entire campus
I was between KU and Mizzou and chose KU. I now somewhat regret it, I have a few friends at Mizzou and the few times I've visited it the campus was much prettier and up to date. The campus isn't taken care of, the libraries are out of date, the buildings need major renovation, and the dorm food is awful. If it wasn't for my social life, I would go.
KU is the best school to attend in the midwest hands down.
There aren't any other schools that have school spirit comparable to that of the University of Kansas. You cannot find a student body so dedicated to both academics and fun anywhere else in the world!
My experience so far is it is touch and go with different instructors. I am an honor roll student, so I expect to be challenged in coursework and studies. About 50% of the time professors are failing to impress me, but the other half are. I've finally decided just to enroll in honors coursework. I probably wouldn't get a master's here.
Great school, handful of not so good teachers but you will get that at any school. Lots of stuff to do around town, and it is definitely a college town. Basketball games at Allen Fieldhouse are insane. It is just an overall great school. Rock Chalk Jayhawk!!
Excellent quality education for reasonable price. KU basketball cannot be paralleled and the other sports are fun to watch as well. KU has unique set of scholarship halls and many other good living accommodations. Extraordinarily awesome local venues and cool college-town atmosphere. Truly a great place to be.
The campus is beautiful, and an amazing work out! :D
Apart from Art History grads delivering my pizza with a poor attitude, I'd say this is a good school. Louise's used to have $1.50 schooners on Thursdays, and Pita Pit is a great 2am grub shop.
KU is huge, but don't let that fool you. There's a niche for everyone. The professors are great, many friends, social events. The campus is absolutely gorgeous. I fell in love the first time I saw it. It's a great day to be a Jayhawk!
The best decision I ever made was to attend KU. I attended a small college as an undergraduate, but came to KU for grad school. I had close relations with all dept faculty, and especially close to my advisor. This is the norm, not the exception for KU grad school. If you want a mentor rather than being a widget on an assembly line, choose KU.
I didn't plan on attending KU initially. It was actually my last choice but I am glad that I made it nonetheless. KU is an extraordinary place to be.
After going to two other institutions, including Univ. of Illinois, KU is by far better. Immerse yourself in the basketball culture and social atmosphere and you'll have the best time of your life!
As far as the education goes, you'll quickly realize it's not very challenging. However, there are some wonderful professors and if you're into sports, you'll enjoy it here. Don't count on getting many scholarships, I have a 3.9 (I'm a Junior) and I still haven't gotten any since my new freshman scholarship.
I am applying to Med School this summer at KU.  KU has always been a wonderful school to me, it's a shame that I won't be on campus next year! KU is a wonderful school, inside and out.
Be prepared to walk, and learn the bus system. The classes and events are Great!!! Lots of Jayhawk pride!!! There is a place for everyone!!! :)
KU is great, I have never been surrounded by such a great set of people! The professor's and TA's are generally nice and helpful, and the campus is gorgeous! And the school pride is unbelievable!
Rock Chalk! Go if you're wanting to learn and be a winner.
Love the school! Everybody is so nice, very easy to make friends! Great education too.
Absolutely love KU's campus!
The University of Kansas has exceeded my expectations in so many ways. The professors are knowledgeable and friendly while the student body has so many different kinds of people it would be hard NOT to find somewhere to fit in. I absolutely love this school... and the basketball team isn't bad either ;)
You are forced to take classes that are in no way applicable to life outside of college, charged a fees for everything, students are very rude and closed minded to ideas different from their own, teachers are disrespectful to students, technology doesn't work half of the time. Food is over priced and gross. Rock Chalk Jayhawk?
The dorms are pretty nice as long as you don't pick McCollum. The cafeteria is usually pretty good with a wide selection. The professors love when you take the time to talk to them and email them questions. Go to their office hours. Few people do and the professors get bored. Some even give you extra points just for showing up. I LOVE this school.
Love this school
I really like it here. The campus is beautiful. Everyone loves the jay hawks. Classes are interesting. It's great.
I think KU is the greatest school on earth, but that's just me. It was easily the best decision I've ever made. Overall I was really happy with the quality of my teachers and things like that. Lawrence is the best college town there is (just look at the number of KSU alum that live here. There is not a doubt in my mind that you will enjoy KU.
a
Best kept secret in the Midwest.  Beautiful campus, affordable with a lot of tradition and solid hoops!
Great place to be. Great traditions. Love it!
Live in the Scholarship Halls. So much better than the dorms. They changed my college experience for the better.
I absolutely love Lawrence and KU. Live in the scholarship halls - they're like a fraternity or sorority without the social pressures and all the benefits. They're improving my college experience thousands of times over.
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK!!!!
I lOVE IT
KU is a school filled with tradition and loyalty. Basketball season is one that cannot be missed. The campus is gorgeous and the classes have all been amazing. I highly recommend KU!! If you like a hippie town, Lawrence KS is the place for you.
If you like Basketball, come here!
I grew up in Lawrence so it made sense for me to attend KU. I am a history major but am disappointed by the history classes offered at KU. There isn't much of a variety, even though there appears to be in the course catalog, the classes that sound interesting are rarely offered.
Started going to this school freshman year thinking that this was the best college in Kansas. This sadly wasn't the case. The first semester I had 2 teachers try to file half the class (500 person class's) under academical misconduct charges for "cheating" on homework. Not a good school for the price and especially not very good teachers.
From our beautiful campus to the vibrant downtown atmosphere on Mass Street, the University of Kansas is a welcoming place for everyone.  I encourage anyone even remotely interested in KU to come visit.  Coming to school here was easily the best decision I've ever made. Rock Chalk!
PARKING is horrendous.  Prepare to walk miles up hill to get anywhere.  Having to park a mile down him of the libraries is very incompatible with studying needs. It's a chore and a pain to just go to the library.... Not to mention that students who walk around and give tickets periodically write false tickets!
This university was very disappointing if there is another you are thinking about going to, go. The students at this university are very clicky, if you do not come with friends do not expect to make any. Some of the teachers here harass and belittle their students. In the dorms you have to pay for internet and may other things you should not pay.
KU is a great school!
I couldn't ask for a school with a more beautiful campus, helpful teachers and good food. The social life and town really give KU a lot of personality!
Very Good School.
Rock Chalk!
I love KU. It's a beautiful campus. The thing is one giant hill, so wear walking shoes. It's a bit of a pain that it's so hilly, but it's getting me in great shape and it adds to the beauty. The professors are excellent. I have only had one that I didn't care for, and even she wasn't completely horrible. The others were very enthusiastic and fun.
One of the top research institutions in the country. Educating leaders, building healthy communities, and making discoveries that change the world. While at the same time have an amazing college experience. Choosing KU is the best decision I ever made!
Great sports programs and great professors. The internet is through Apogee and is TERRIBLE in the dorms. The food is sometimes good, but usually not. The campus is very friendly and so are the townies. AMAZING school spirit!
Compared to similar universities, KU is AMAZING. Great classes, most professors are challenging and most welcome new ideas and open conversation. As far as social life, well thats what you make of it. I knew ZERO people coming onto campus and i made dozens of friends in the first week. During football and basketball games, the campus becomes family
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK.... GO KU!
Rock Chalk Jayhawks!
I love being a Jayhawk. It's the only school I've attended, but I love the facilities and couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
Beautiful campus, immense school pride from all students and both a level one research university and a leader in liberal arts.  A great place where anyone can find a place.
Beautiful campus, immense school pride from all students and both a level one research university and a leader in liberal arts.  A great place where anyone can find a place.
This school is incredibly beautiful. There are tons of things for you to do here in Lawrence. Lawrence is known for it's very nice restaurants in the downtown Mass street area. Just absolutely beautiful. Made the right decision going here!
Awesome College! Best learning experience!
Came to KU not knowing one person. Instantly connected with many people on campus. Everyone is so friendly. The people who work for the school are so friendly and willing to help you in any way possible. I made the best decision of my life when I decided to become a Jayhawk. Would not trade my college experience for anything. Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
Love the Campus, so beautiful. Buildings are pretty on the outside, some are old so the inside might be a little out dated. 2 Huge libraries on campus open all the time. All most all the teachers are willing to help with any problems.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk. No other place like it.
Best School Ever
KU is truly "a great place to be"!
Awesome
A great school if you are looking for outstanding academics but still want the college experience with lots of spirit and passion. Becoming a Jayhawk, means being a Jayhawk for life. You'll join the family of alumni around the world who proudly call Mount Oread home.
Great public school. Has an amazing Journalism program. Beautiful campus and town. Perfect for someone who likes a larger-town atmosphere.
I LOVE KU
It was the best choice I've ever made!!! I absolutely LOVE everything about KU!
Dorm life is great, but ResNet sucks. The campus is beautiful and the school spirit is amazing. Large Greek population, but is fun for non-Greeks as well. Lawrence is a great town and there's a niche for everyone. People are friendly on campus and classes are great. I've made a ton of friends and I'm glad I chose to go to KU. Jayhawk for life! <3
For a big research university, KU's faculty are surprisingly committed to good teaching.
Can't picture myself anywhere else.
KU is the best school to ever go to!
KU is a great University but there are way too many Graduate Teachers Aids instead of full faculty.  Take the time to find the courses with full Professors.
Kansas rules. Couldn't have picked a better institution to attend for post-secondary education. ROCK CHALK
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK
I love KU. I couldn't imagine being anywhere else for my college experience. Rock Chalk For Life!
Rock Chalk!!
I find that it's a very welcoming school that does its best to provide the best for its students.
I love KU. Always have and always will. The campus is beautiful and the people here are great. The atmosphere is amazing as well.
Rock Chalk. You'll love this school.
It is an absolutely amazing school and the campus is beautiful. The hills kind of suck to walk up, but you get used to it, and you can also take the bus. I wouldn't want to go to school anywhere else.
Amazing School in Business.  Excellent opportunities
Ku is an awesome university! Best party town, great education value and a beautiful campus. Only draw back are all the hills that kill your calves.
Overall KU is a great place to be
Over-rated. Notoriously bad teachers. +/- grading. Stay away from English, Chemistry, Physics, Anatomy, and Physiology. Expect to not graduate in four years. Expect terrible undergraduate advising, and no one giving you worthwhile info. If you come here, take online courses at a local CC. Food is horrible.
I love KU!
Great school, easy to get involved and it is encouraged. Make sure to visit the Cave, the Hawk, and the Wheel!
This campus is absolutely beautiful, I love my classes, and let's not forget about the amazing basketball team! ROCK CHALK!
dddddd
I love KU & can't see myself anywhere else!  it's great to be a jay hawk!
I absolutely love KU. I've dreamed of attending KU ever since I was a kid and had very high expectations. I haven't been disappointed.
Rock chalk!
The coolest school to be. Such a wonderful place. The entire town is comprised of extraordinary people that will change your life. And it is nestled between Kansas City and Topeka, so it has a small-town feel but great resources. You will love it here!
Rock Chalk!
If you really hate basketball, you might want to avoid this place. That being said, the bball club is a cool outlet for school spirit and a perfect reason to have fun around campus. It's insane how much emphasis (and money) this school puts into its basketball team. Otherwise, lovely campus, lovely people, enjoy climbing the hill to class everyday!
It is the best University in the state, hands down.
Great school full of wonderful professors and advisers that are willing to help you reach your goals as a student. The Honors program is one of the best and really helped propel me through my undergraduate career.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk Go KU! Get involved, theres tons of stuff to do when you start to look for them. It's like a snowball effect, you get involved in one thing, which leads to another and another.
I visited KU in the spring before my senior year and as soon as I left the campus I knew there was no other place I would rather get an education. The campus is beautiful, the teaching staff is excellent, the social life is poppin'. I have zero regrets on my choice of university.
The University of Kansas is an amazing school. There are so many opportunities to get involved in a whole lot of great things. Plus KU basketball in Allen Feildhouse.
Greek life is everywhere so be prepared
Great Campus, Great School! ROCK CHALK!
Easy to get in, but somewhat hard to graduate.
I like attending school here.As is commonly the case, athletes are held to lower standards than everyone else.They have to work less & will still get equal or better grades than a non athlete who actually values their education.  Some of KU's policies are ridiculous & undergraduate advising is horrible. Most professors I've had are great though.
LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!! AMAZING PLACE TO GET EDUCATION!! BASKETBALL CAPITAL OF THE WORLD!!! ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK!
I've heard of KU having a reputation as a party school, but I can guarantee you that it's a whole lot more than that.
It's awesome.
Campus is incredibly beautiful and nostalgic most of the time. HOWEVER, do not expect any sort of funds to be put into the classrooms or library. The Parking dept. is full of jackwagons, expect no parking anywhere and anticipate at least 2 tickets by the end of your first semester with a vehicle. Bus system is great. Oh yeah, Basketball.
So glad to be a Jayhawk, nothing else in the world would make me happier. One of the greatest (and easiest) decisions of my life. The campus is BEAUTIFUL and the academics, while challenging, are fantastic. MOST TA's or professors are really there whenever you need their help. MOST of them are extremely helpful (with the exception of a few).
Excellent University
There are hills in Kansas, be prepared to walk, ride bike, or learn to use the bus.
In general the campus is a clean and friendly. Most of the students are eager and motivated to learn and to make the best of their opportunities on campus. Professors and staff are pleasant and easy to work with. The food and the services are great. If you are looking for a college to attend, the you should consider coming to The University.
In addition to getting a great education, it is a beautiful campus with really rich traditions and history.  It is an incredible thing to become a part of.
Horrible school
fun campus when living on the dorms your earlier years. not that diverse in race as most major universities arent school tradition is big and basketball is RELIGION here rockchalk! youll learn soon academics are cool too as with any university some classes will love others you will hate mostly based off of professor. Its a VERY college town too
awesome school
advising department is terrible but a handful of professors were life-changing and brilliant
Absolutely fell in love with Lawrence and everything KU has to offer!
KU makes Kansas look fun. The campus is super diverse and liberal. The community is really close and exciting, there is always something to do in Lawrence. I have loved all of my professors so far.
University of Kansas has a gorgeous campus. Lawrence is the most beautiful city I have ever lived in. Academically speaking, the faculty is brilliant. Particularly, the Engineering school has fantastic infrastructure.  Overall, my experience at the university has been amazing!
Nothing
its a good school
It really is a great place to be. Just a tiny blue dot in a sea of red in Kansas probably one of the most liberal campuses in the nation.
KU is great But the wifi in Wescoe.. not so much It is a fun and yet were hard school. Our academics always come first, and the professors are for the most part challanging.
Everyone here is so helpful!
Beautiful.
It's a great place if you to go to school if you put in enough effort
Its a good place to learn and chill
This is absolutely the bed university ever! In every way possible.
KU is a great campus with great opportunities, especially once you get into your later years. The one downfall to me is that it is rather crowded, and very full of greek life (srat and frat packs annoy me to no end), but I assume it is about the same or less as other large state schools. For the most part the campus is beautiful and welcoming.
All about the money, for better or worse.  Usually for worse if you're a student.  If you have another choice, take it.  KU is making a huge push to go entirely online, and the quality of the education is suffering for it.
"
KU has the most beautiful campus, the best basketball program, the most helpful teachers, and the hottest girls! Rock Chalk Baby!
best place to be. Rock chalk
love this school!
yo, this school is tight.
I would not want to be anywhere besides the University of Kansas
Rock Chalk Jayhawk Yeah
I come from NYC, and Kansas was a beautiful and welcome change.  I'm impressed at the facilities and the opportunities.  This is a university with a nice endowment and a fiercely loyal alumni association.  I love this place
Super liberal so if you have any conservative idea, don't say it
This school has everything and more. It truly is the greatest place to be. Lawrence, KS ROCK CHALK.
Ugh. I just want to graduate already
KU is awesome! We are a strong school w a lot of pride! Lawrence is a beautiful city and great college town as well. Keep in mind KU is a research bases college so many teachers are TA's which some do not like. KU overall is awesome. Coming lasses can be very challenging and hard (due to many poor professors) Very greek centered unfortunately.
Great School!
Love this school. Wouldn't want to be any where else
Depending on what you're looking for, you could either love it or hate it here. The school has a big bar scene, if you're into that it's really fun. Greek life is really big here as well, so if you're into that it's cool too. Lawrence is a good college town, but there isn't much going on, so for me it got boring really quickly. You need a car here.
You'll feel at home here. Greek live is amazing and the teachers make you want to attend class. I've never seen a more beautiful campus during every season.
awesome campus, really freshman-oriented activities
Fantastic school, love it here
If you want a college with lots of opportunities, small classes (except for gen eds sometimes), and professors who care (at least most of them), where the weather is slightly bipolar, and the walk uphill can be brutal (we DO have buses though), the University of Kansas is a great place to start your new adventure.
a lot of the lectures are really teacher assistant based, its annoying. Hard time trying to link to your professors. you either like it here, or you dont. there is really no in the middle.
I cant imagine myself at any other University. Lawrence is an awesome town with cool things to do outside of KU. Although the campus is hilly the campus is beautiful especially in the Autumn.
There are times that I miss home, but with the friends I've made up here at KU, it makes missing home a little less painful. My support system here is one of the only things that keeps me going when I'm stressed from all the homework and social drama of my hall.
KU IS AWESOME!
good school, beautiful campus, bus system is good, nice id cards, free $10 printing at the start of each semester and during finals week, underground has good food. the union is nice for dow time between classes, there is bowling alley downstairs, finally panda express on campus!! there is chickfila and pizza too for common food choices
BEST PLACE EVER
Lawrence is one of the greatest places I have ever been. The nightlife is incredible. Everyone is so proud to be a Jayhawk and its wonderful. Campus is beautiful and greek life is really popular and booming. The business school, engineering school, and medical school are all AMAZING. Fantastic school. Visit once and you'll never regret it.
KU is a great school - it's tough to be spotted in a large campus, but everyone can find their niche.
I really don't like KU. The on campus dining is pretty bad, a lot of people are very rude if you're from out of state and it's not much of a college town compared to some other places I've visited. Would transfer if my parents weren't so into the school.
No
