KU is my home away from home. It's presented wonderful opportunities to shape me for the future ahead of me. (And the basketball games are pretty cool too.) Rock Chalk!
KU is a beautiful campus and everyone is very friendly! Great academics too!
Your experience is what you make of it. There are many different groups you can participate in and its really important you put yourself out there and meet as many people as you can. I definitely suggest getting a job on campus that forces you to talk to people. It helped me get acclimated and make new friends.
The University of Kansas is a very great school and rich with so much tradition, namely its basketball program which is historically credited with being the birthplace of basketball. The campus population however is very liberal. I love the school but some of its teachers give it a bad name. almost like its Democratic convention on campus every day
Let's be honest and call KU what it really is: a mediocre school with mediocre students, faculty, and facilities. I am from out of state and I did not feel welcome at all. Greek life was the worst decision of my life. The only reason I didn't transfer was because I didn't want to have to retake a lot of courses.
KU is a very good midwestern school, sure it's no Ivy or a top 50 school, but is respected in many fields. I graduated in 2009 when finding a job was extremely hard and today the friends I graduated and myself are adanved further than average. Enjoy the basketball, the greek life, & all the social events KU offers, but work hard & make connections.
I love my school and everything it has given me. Rock chalk!
Kansas is niceeeeeee
This was by far the worst mistake I have made thus far in my life. The school is horrible. I have had NOTHING but problems in every one of my classes and EVERY advising appointment. You feel like a number the entire time you're enrolled. The professors are horrendous, and the advisers aren't much better. I would give this school a 25%.
Great school spirit Rock, Chalk, Jayhawk!
Pros -Quality of professors -Stupid amount of opportunity (if you apply yourself) -Once you get past your gen-eds, most courses are 30 or less students -Live in the dorms freshman year (makes 30k students feel like 100)  Cons -Greek life sucks (not all of them, just the majority) -Campus is always under construction -Bipolar weather
KU has one of the most beautiful campuses I have seen, and the party seen is not to be missed. Lawrence is always rocking.
I'm a Kansan and I chose KU over my dream school because of money issues. I Don't regret my decision at all. I've made some of the best friends of my life and learned from some pretty distinguished professors. Lawrence is a great town with things to do and quirks in every corner. Ultimately, KU has made me proud to be a Kansan. Rock Chalk!
You can't go wrong if you go to KU. You'll love it here! This experience can't be beat at another school in this country. Outstanding study abroad opportunities and it's located in one of the best small towns in the country!
Fabulous school! Absolutely love everything about KU! Rock Chalk!
Transferring asap
KU has perfected being a money making machine. They reel you in with scholarships impossible to keep and don't care about you as a person, or how you succeed. No wonder they have such a bad turn over rate. This school is run by the rich white greek community, and a bunch of people who only care about research and not the undergraduate's education.
It's great for younger students, only okay for non-traditionals.
It's a beautiful campus, professors are hit and miss like any traditional college campus. The advisers and financial aid office are right next to each other and are both very helpful.  Work hard, don't get distracted, which is very easy to do. The internet is Lawrence in general (including on campus) is very out of date.
Love the place!! Rock Chalk KU
KU is awesome! Lawrence is a super great town to live in and the campus is beautiful! There is are a lot of different activities even for someone who doesn't drink, which is hard to find in a college town like this. I love it here and couldn't imagine being anywhere else.
I mean, it's Kansas. You're gonna get what you expect in a lot of ways, but if you make a minimum of effort, you'll get more than you expected in a lot of other ways. Kickball tournaments, frequent events on Mass, concerts, good bar scene, lots of clubs and outdoor activities, well-maintained parks, Final Fridays,  and a lot of really good people.
KU is such a great place to be! Being a Jayhawk fills you with such pride that I don't think people realize until they get here. Always recommend KU.
Many will tell you that KU is so big that its impossible to get any individualized help or attention, which isn't true. KU is very department-oriented. It is not hard at all to make close connections with other students and professors. Even before that happens, all you have to do is ask and almost any faculty member will help you.
Good school. Big. What you'd expect from a state school. It is what you make it.
This school is amazing. I would never choose any other school to go to.
Booooring
Lots of Majors with great counsellors and helpful professors!! Great sports! Rock Chalk!
So much tradition and character. The hill is the only thing that should be changed (soooo many stairs). I love the campus, and Lawrence is awesome! ROCK CHALK
Love the place!!!
Dorm food is awful in GSP hall. Corbin hall is mostly sorority girls. Corbin hall constantly stinks and is so out dated. They keep the heat on even in April and May. The union has really good food but shops mostly close at 2 -4 pm. The buses don't wait if they see you running. They're almost always late, and leave as soon as they arrive.
Campus life is absolutely amazing when the weather is nice.
The fieldhouse is college basketball Mecca.
ROCK CHALK JAYHAWK GO KU
Home sweet home!!!
Great University
The best thing about KU is that it's in Lawrence. Lawrence is a great town,the only place in Kansas worth being. And for the record, I rated food pretty low but that's just for food on campus. Lawrence has some great food  If you like to party, you definitely won't have a hard time finding them here. And Lawrence is a pretty safe place to do it
The University of Kansas is fantastic. Lawrence is a top rated college town (#2) every year. Mass street is phenomenal. There are hundreds of organizations to get involved and events to take part in and you can make the best of your college experience if you make the effort to participate in them.
The University of Kansas is very beautiful and inviting. It's a very liberal place where I feel welcome. There are plenty of connections here to get me jump-started after I graduate as well! Amazing, overall
Overall best campus I have ever seen.
LOVE KU SO MUCH
I would not want to go anywhere else! Hail KU!
I'm a Brazilian student and spent my last year studying at this beautiful University! I just loved it!! I wish I had never left that place. I just feel honored to be a jayhawk!!
KU is a school so focused on their administration and athletics that they often forget about the students. They hire incompetent teachers who have unrealistic expectations for their students. The French department is definitely the worst, and all they do is belittle you and make you feel incompetent. I should be enlightened but I'm more discouraged
Incredible campus located in a very cool college town, social and food locations all over if you look, very proud to be a jayhawk
love it
Very unfriendly people. Are you really that far above me that you can't smile back at me?
I could not be more glad that I started and finished my college career here.
Hope you like liberals
Extremely Liberal tendencies by most, if not all, students and faculty. If you have any differing points of views/opinions you are absolutely NOT welcome here. I believe this is due in part with the polarity w/ the rest of the state of Kansas. Consider schools that also don't allow idiots to protest. Teachers also primarily teach opinion, not fact.
Great University!
Good school, nice campus. Bus system works well.
Amazing campus.
KU is just a magnificent place
Beautiful, picturesque campus with a ton of extracurricular groups, clubs, and cultural activities. Campus living is high quality, new facilities every couple years. Lawrence has an incredible energy, not too big either. Don't be deterred bc the school is in KS. They know how to work hard and play hard. Made a lot of great connections. Hidden gem.
Randomly applied to KU due to their excellent engineering program. Tough program but it pushed me to work hard. I had a great experience. Met a lot of cool people and some jerks. You are welcomed like family unlike other universities or communities. I am super lucky I took a leap of faith because I didn't know what to expect in Kansas.
It is difficult to connect with people, you have to put forth a bit of effort.. The campus is full of cliques.
KU is excellent in every sense. Opportunities are everywhere here for those willing to look.
A dream school!
Best choice I've made by coming here. Tons of social life and midwestern hospitality is everywhere on this campus.
Best college town and campus in the midwest.
I love my school. It's beautiful!
Love it here! Rock Chalk
Lovin my first year here.
Best place on earth, the school spirit is everywhere and everyone in and out of the campus, great place to learn and live
Good school, meh spot
I am finishing my freshman year here. I live in GSP, north of campus and the community over here is amazing, if you're into athletics and clubs, KU is perfect for you. The rec center is my second home, pick-up basketball, indoor track and huge weight room are all fantastic. So many friendly people, with great night life. Women and campus are beauti
Love the scenery of KU and how pretty the campus is. The clubs and going out is great and fun. The only thing I dislike about KU is that frats and sororities are such a big deal. Almost everyone is in them, and I am not. I am not that type of person and it has been difficult to find friends because I did not join a sorority.
The resources and opportunities are endless, the professors are extremely intelligent and helpful, and the vibe of Lawrence, Kansas is unbeatable. This town is a blast, and the school itself is top-notch. Love it here.
I can only speak as a kid who is from Kansas, but I love this school and don't see myself anywhere else.
I really enjoy Lawrence. Couldn't see myself anywhere else.
Love this place. Feels like one big fam.
ive so far loved my first year here and beyond happy with my decision to come here. business school is great and there are so many nice people here!
This was not my first choice university when I was applying, but for it not being #1 when I was graduating, it's become my first choice. It's a great school for many of the majors it has, endless opportunities for creative endeavors, and the campus is beautiful.
I can't really recommend KU. Even though I had a full scholarship last year. Yes I'm grateful for that but I feel the school leadership failed myself and my colleagues in many ways by not exemplifying justice, a commitment to diversity, fairness, and the pursuit of experiential learning over 'MY RULES' !!! Too many complacent faculty
The only real problems I have with this campus are the construction and the lack of parking. They are always building something. I lived in Oliver Hall and they tore up our parking lot to build a new dorm. Trying to sleep, study, and live when loud construction is going on outside your window 12hrs/6 days a week for 4 months is very difficult.
So far attending the University of Kansas was the best decision I've made in my life. Being a major that only attends KU for two years I'm honest when I say my heart is already tearing knowing I have to leave after my Spring 2016 semester. Everything from the students to the architecture is amazing. Not to mention basketball. Rock Chalk!
There are great professors in the School of Engineering at the University of Kansas, Prof. Demarest and Dr. Allen, to name a few. There was a great professor from the Economics as well, who left for Duke University and whose name is Prof. Neal Becker. However, overall, the University of Kansas is not rated good.
Best decision of my life.
Campus is beautiful and Lawrence itself is probably the best college town in the midwest. Loads better than the other big instate option *cough*K-state*cough*
KU is an amazing university with endless opportunities for any person. Very diverse community where anyone can fit in and find a home. Professors and students are amazing. Would recommend this school to everyone.  Social/Night life is the best of any school around by far. Best school ever
Beautiful campus, great people. Couldn't have asked for better.
Rock Chalk Jayhawk, Go KU
I love it here. There is anything and everything you would ever need. This University is amazing best choice I have ever made
KU offers a great selection of clubs, food and activities to do around campus.  You have to find them yourself though, if you put yourself out there and try new activities  you will find happiness.
Opportunities are abounding if you look for them, lots in very intelligent and interesting conversation but also the normal jerks. Overall incredible school.
KU makes me sad
Good Campus
Great School  Class can be challenging but most professors and peers are supportive. It also a great place to meet people and get a workout while you walk to class
I'm pretty sure at least 75% of the kids that come here only want a college degree but not the education. There's too much of a focus on athletics (we did invent basketball, I guess) that academics are a disappointment. I don't know why I ended up here with a 35 on my ACT. Don't bother coming here unless you want the easy way out of life.
Love being apart of the tradition and the atmosphere here is amazing! ROCK CHAlK!!
University of Kansas is pretty average in my opinion.
KU is in a town that offers plenty of opportunities for you to work with various people in all different fields of occupation. Even if you are still along the way to a degree, you have got chances to see the real world within a small Utopia-like university. It was good to be able to practice all you have learned immediately to the reality.
I am KU grad. KU is simply amazing. To all the rest negative comments on this caring community, why did you come here if you hate it so much as to leave a low rate on this loved university? KU is the best university ever, around the world. I support it with all my life!!!!!!
Great school if you are from out of state trying to get away. Still great if you're in-state and trying to expand your "network" or whatever. The mix makes it more fun.
Best school in Kansas, by far!
Not the best reputation for academics depending on what program you're in, but overall it's as good as any other state university (in my experience).  Overall a really great school - welcoming and social.    Lawrence is a one of a kind place. Most bars are  not strict and it's incredibly cheap to live in.  Also very laid back. So happy I went here!
Super liberal and does not respect opposing views
Added Campus fees and B-school fees really add to the cost. Figure on doubling whatever number they give you at orientation. My 1st semester was 85% of what they told me it would cost for the entire year. Ouch!
KU, like many campuses are designed with the live-in students in mind, and nobody else. It's beautiful and historic and hard not to get swept away when you see Fraser in the far distance from k-10, but KU often forgets about its nontraditional students. Minimal social opportunities, I pretty much have no clue what's going on 60% of the time.
I am from out of state and I could not be happier that I chose to go to KU! I feel more at home here than back in Minnesota. I have met so many nice people here who make me feel very loved and like I am apart of a community. I would highly recommend this for anyone who is looking for a fun, studious, and school spirited type of college!
The classes are alright but the people here have mostly been rude and unhelpful.  It's very hard to feel at home here.
I came from a capital city that has more malls than any state in the US; although moving to a small town was quite challenging at the beginning of the school year as I have to adjust my life style and etc. but so far Lawrence has been a great place to live in.
Love it here! Wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
I have loved my experience at KU! I would recommend it to anyone who wants a great education as well as the overall college experience. Lawrence is a great town!
I was born and raised a Jayhawk so I will always support KU. Every university has it's share of downfalls, but overall KU is a great place to learn and have fun.
The college itself is great. I mean, the professors go above and beyond to help you if you seek them out, and the rest of the faculty do their job well, from campus bus drivers to financial aid. It's the student-body that surprised me. I'm an extrovert so I see everyone as a potential friend. Haha! not KU! You are either in a circle or not.
If you're looking at this, I would say just take a visit and see if you think you fit in! KU is a good school but like any other, you get out what you put into it. It all depends on what you're into. Good programs and chances for campus involvement. Lawrence is a cool town and you should find your own way. KU has something to offer for everyone.
I am KU Grad. KU is the BEST school ever! My name is Mishele. Friends call me Mish mail. Those kids who say negative things about KU should need to be expelled! Once again, I am KU Grad! You go and finish your undergrad studies first!
The University of Kansas- Edwards Campus has the opportunities for you to go to school and work. The social work program has activities and services that give a nontraditional student the same experiences as other student.
I AM KU GRAD! THIS IS THE BEST SCHOOL IN AMERICA EVER!
The cost of KU is the highest in Kansas, but it is not the best education. The last 4 years have been a waste of money. Wichita State is half the cost and the same level of education. KU feels more like a community college than anything. the faculty are distant and unhelpful.
I am KU grad! You SILLY undergrads! Do NOT criticize your university! I AM KU GRAD! YOU OUGHT TO LISTEN TO ME!
I work here at KU after I graduated with honors in bio-mechanical engineering plus interdisciplenary degrees in chemistry and mathematics. I think you need to have an open mind to new things like coming to a new campus after high school. So, college kids, this is my advice to you that never criticize your university and have some gratitude.
I love it!
LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!
I have attended KU since 2013. KU was one of my top choices for my profession as it's ranked in the top 25 of university's in the nation. It's location is central to most smaller towns around. We have a diverse culture and support for all the students in what ever way you may need it. I love this school and can't wait to graduate May of 2018.
I feel like a lot of people stay just to be a part of the basketball image or Greek life. Not impressed by the education, despite high tuition for a state school. Most faculty and staff don't really seem to like being there, not helpful. My loans here are not worth it. The kids here are nice, but always seem to be competing with each other.
JAYHAWK BASKETBALL!!!!
Great
Great college campus
Rock Chalk, KU is awesome
I thought my experience would have been better. Superficially fake once you see through the illusion. Help? Covert abuse. You cant trust me. Grown children and porous ego boundaries.
This is the best place on earth.
Great Place!
Thanks KU
I love going to KU
By far the best university in the Midwest!
Great downtown area, decent public transportation, sometimes safety is questionable but they do an excellent job with safe bus and safe ride
Great campus if you're into greek life and have money to be in that kind of lifestyle. Too much partying for me, but I stay away from that. Hoping next semester and the next few years will get better. I love my classes and living in Lewis!
I transferred from a smaller four year to finish my degree at KU. It's a lot to take in at first, but KU is an amazing place. Go to class, figure out the bus schedule, study a lot, get to know your professors, and you can make the most of your KU experience. With so many students, you have to take the initiative. Also, best nightlife in Kansas.
