KU is great. Nice people, great town, always something to do. Professors are chill and willing to help, some more than others though. Bus system is pretty ok but if you ever need to go anywhere from daisy hill be prepared to be smushed. Nightlife is great, walking up the hills when you're intoxicated is not.
I have enjoyed my professors and opportunities here so far. The campus is really nice, but it can be overwhelming to new students due to its size. There are so many clubs and activities to choose from; there is something for everybody.
I would really advise spending some time on campus and talking to students (not just profs/ staff) in your intended degree program before deciding to come here. It is a great school for many students but it is also a horrible school for many students. Take the time to find out if it is a good fit for you and your goals before you make your choice.
great school to attend
Wonderful academics. Highly recommended.
A lot of the culture here centers around Greek life and having money to party. If you don't have money or aren't into Greek life, then it's somewhat difficult to get involved on campus. However, there are a lot of clubs that meet semi-regularly, so it's not as hard as it sounds. Academics are great, French department is WONDERFUL.
BEST SCHOOL EVER for not being a super prestigious Ivey league school
KU is probably the best place to go to college in the state of Kansas
The campus is beautiful to walk around. There are some confusing buildings (Wescoe) but, it's everyone bonds over it. There's so much school spirit here if you're a KU student you're happy to be here and proud to be a Jayhawk.
I transferred from a small four year university on the east coast, KU has so many opportunities for students. Extra tutoring, clubs/organizations, networking, this university has it all. Just like any other university, if you don't put yourself out there, it won't come. Join clubs and participate in class, you'll have a great time. Rock Chalk!
Lot's of places to get with friends. Do not need to be a part of greek life to fit in but has its perks. Dining Hall food is a basic college meal and wifi is not the best. Overall though, the campus is beautiful and there is no other place I would rather be.
This is a great campus for a public college. I chose between this place and an out of state private college and im happy with my choice.
I am not from here originally, but now I never want to leave! This is seriously an amazing campus and community! Rock Chalk!
Great college town environment. State cutbacks have had an effect on the overall quality of facilities and professors. National rating has suffered as a result, but still has a good solid reputation in the Midwest.
Solid school, little on the liberal side, would like a little more conservative diversity.
Try living in the Schol halls, I absolutely loved it. I ended up getting to live there for free for two years because of the amazing scholarships you can get for living there! Also there is so much free food in the schol halls its great.
going to this school was the best decision I have ever made. I LOVE IT
Lovely community
Lovely community, great place.
Great school!!
Excellent Executive Education program by the KU School of Business
The KU School of Business Mount Oread Leadership Executive Education (Summer 2018) is excellent. KU is the best value in Executive Education.
Great school and campus
Love KU. Internet in the dorms suck, but on campus wifi is great! Dorm food is eh. The Underground and Union have great places for food.
KU has SUCH a beautiful campus. The energy is positive and contains a large community feeling.
Best campus i've ever been on. There is a real sense of community, the basketball is amazing, and the bars are even better
is kool
the campus is awesome
KU is a place I will NEVER want to leave
rock chalk jayhawk, hope everyone loves it here as much as I do.
I love the campus itself, there are definitely some older class buildings but most are renovated. Healthy food options are hard to find unfortunately, with the usual dining hall food being very bland. You dont want to miss KU basketball games and the amazing student section in Allen Fieldhouse. Not as much a huge bar scene, but trust me, still is.
Amazing campus, great people, school spirit and opportunities for success are just a few of the things I love about KU. Whether you are in it for the social life, academics, student organizations or sporting events, you can truly make the most out of your college experience here!
Best decision I ever made
i was expecting waaaay more than i got. transfering in the fall. ive gotten treated so poorly by others. if u think the midwest is all nice, just think about this decision before u make it. the school isnt as great as u think. yea its easy to get into but the people r cruel and think who they are when they arent anything great..
I love the social life and feel heard by my professors.
Cool place
My time at KU was great! There are issues that the university should iron out, but it's overall a great university with a great history on a great campus in a great town. My biggest gripe is the professor base in CLAS. Incredibly biased towards the left. Other than that, you'll probably enjoy your time here.
Pretty good
The campus has a fun nightlife and depending on how you interacte with people you can meet some amazing people here.
The best decision I have ever made! Would not trade my time at KU for the world.
KU is the place to be in the midwest. Great for watching basketball and getting a degree that people respect.
LOVE it here in Lawrence. Everyone is so friendly and you can really make a lot of friends if you get involved. The dynamic here is really supportive and professors really do care about your wellbeing.
Save money. Go to community college instead.
It's a great university and I valued my time there. The local community is very supportive of athletics teams but also, surprisingly, the fine arts programs, the film department, as well as other departments and programs on campus. KU is definitely what makes Lawrence the town it is. You will have fun at KU, and I'm saying this as a non-party kid.
I enjoy the college, a few f the departments are extremely hard. Other than that you get what you pay.
Great experience all the way around!
Lawrence is a diamond in the rough. It is the quintessential midwestern college town. It's the perfect size for a college student. The community is great. In addition LFK is only 45 minutes from Kansas City Missouri. KU is a pretty and distinguished campus, full of rich traditions. For sure an underrated school, which is why I love it so much.
KU is a great place to go to school.
KU Business school is amazing. Teachers are amazing. Tons of clubs/honor societies that help you get more involved. They always have companies/firms come and recruit. Really want you to succeed. Plus its at the bottom of the hill! Allen field house is right next to it. The De Bruce center is very close! Literally the best spot on KU campus!
There's nothing like LFK!
Great School. Ideal for gay/trans/non-binary students. Very inclusive and understanding. Lawrence, KS is very liberal. It is actually in the only county of Kansas that votes predominantly democrat.
Everyone on campus has a great time and loves being here. It is a great place for diversity as well. The research opportunities are amazing as well, if you want to do research you have a really good chance of getting it no matter what year you are.
I personally felt ignored and foreign at this university. Some people like it a lot. Do what you will with that information
It's pretty chill there's so many clubs to join if you're into that and there's also greek life if you want.
Loved my time here. Lawrence, Kansas is a really fun college town that I thoroughly enjoyed. I recommend it to anyone. Its a beautiful town and campus that is located about 40 min away from Kansas City. The bars and nightlife were a lot of fun too!
see above
I would not bring my car here. Like don't bring it. It is such a hassle. They ticket like mad around here, my parents came to visit me for 15 minutes and got a ticket, tried to speak to the officer who gave it to them and they were not cool about it. The bus system is amazing, Mass street is fun if you don't over exhaust it.
Overpriced and operated
Campus food is delicious but there are not many healthy options. Plenty of on-campus living options. Very good bus system. Fantastic libraries. Everyone is super chill and friendly. Go out of your way to take the classes with the better professors.
The campus is absolutely gorgeous in and of itself. Food options are okay - not super healthy. There's so much history and reverence surrounding the university. I can't think of one time I had a bad experience with anyone on campus. Be sure to know the bus system and understand where you can/can't park. All in all, you'll be proud to be a Jayhawk.
If you're not from Kansas you're gonna struggle for a little
Great place to go to school lol.
The hills make it difficult to walk around campus and not be out of breath 10 minutes in. I get Wifi most anywhere on campus (except near Snow and Budig halls). You have to try a crunchy chicken cheddar wrap while you're here. There's a place on north campus with a few bars to check out. As for safety, I haven't had any concerns so far.
I like KU. It has some really interesting classes and cool opportunities. That said, many depts are absolutely bled dry and SLLC is even getting closed as a school due to lack of funding, which is laughable when you look at the sports here. Would like more emphasis on academics in my university.
BEST SCHOOL EVER!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
ku cool
I LOVE KU! It's like a home away from home. Great campus, great people--I couldn't have landed at a better school. Lawrence is an amazing college town with lots of things to do. There are plenty of opportunities to get involved or be successful. We also have the best basketball team in the nation. Watching them play is INCREDIBLE! KU is the best!!!
KU is an amazing school with amazing supportive professors. The only thing I would say is a lot of their older buildings neeeeeeeed to be updated and are somewhat neglected. In general, I felt very safe at KU, and whenever there were incidents the University was very transparent and let everyone know about the issue.
love KU and look to go back over breaks. its in a great location, if you have a car or know someone with one, because you can drive to Kansas City within 30 minutes but you can also walk to Mass street which has amazing shops and restaurants. the food sucks though, and the building are old and out of date but its not that big of a problem. love it
i love this school! i feel like you can find "your people" here and there is so much to do. the overall vibe of the campus is immaculate, and i long to go back there over breaks! you can tell there is so much history there, and everyone embraces being a jayhawk!
Great campus and great location
I thoroughly enjoyed my time on campus. Some classes were tough, others were easy, but I know I'm walking away ready for grad school. I was in a few clubs and walked-on to one of the teams and got the honor to represent this school athletically. I loved Lawrence and am sad to be moving away. They are continuously renovating and improving buildings.
Sucks
I did most of freshman year in person, and this one online. Now that I have to email and call everyone the magic is kind of gone and I can more easily see what a disorganised mess this school is. I still love it, but the financial aid department is terrible and bad at communicating. And their response to covid is bad.
Best school ever!!!
I am a freshman during the pandemic, so keep in mind that campus life is dampened and a lot of things are online. University's pandemic response hasn't been great, but I'm glad they're open. Professors are pretty good, but classes are disorganized, especially online. Residential dining is awful, but campus retail is pretty good, though unhealthy.
Best University
I really enjoy this campus, it's a good one
Good school
My hometown is in this area, so I grew up around KU. Doing my college career here just helped me realize I want to leave this area (and the state of KS in general) more and more. If there is anything I am happy about KU right now, it is the fact I am about to graduate and find a professional job far away. I cannot describe how ready I am to leave.
Lawrence Kansas BABY. The best place to be! Beautiful campus, great teachers, fun college town, and great social life. Could not ask for anything else in a school!
Like the culture of the town, fun spots here and there. Visit the parks, mass street, cafes, munchers... Your run of the mill college experience, attend a basket ball game in the student section, it's worth the line waiting.
Decent school. Not a huge fan of the people oh well
The people are nasty unless you conform to social standards. Stay away from greek life unless you want to act like a barbie for four years. The only nice people are the religious kids
