I love KU and I have made some of the best memories are. The food is good and you have several different choices.
KU handled the pandemic very well, allowing students to salvage part of the college experience while still prioritizing safety. The campus is beautiful, my friends call it Hogwarts sometimes. The biggest downside would have to be social life, not because there is none, but it's very exclusive. If you're not in a frat or sorority, you'll be left out
The best university ever!! I love every moment of being a Jayhawk
Beautiful Campus in a great location with awesome people.
Great campus and programs. They need to do more to protect their graduate teaching assistants.
More hyped than it deserves. Not much space for gathering, unless you like concrete. Wescoe beach always has preachers telling us we're going to hell. Buses are nice, can get you pretty much anywhere. Not very bikeable or accessible. Schol halls are GREAT. Careful on campus at night. Sexual assault is rampant, KU won't take action if you report.
Pretty chill, but be careful because the Jayhawks hunt at night.
KU has a great community. Even though the campus is made up of a ton of different types of people, diverse ideas, and lifestyles, there is something so powerful about the unity of the campus. When you put on that Jayhawk, you know. You are welcome and you can do great things here.
I love it here so much! Even during a pandemic KU has made me feel at home out of state. I've made great friends here, the dorms are amazing, and I just really love Lawrence!
its okay
Rock Chalk Jayhawk!
Seriously the best college experience possible happens at KU. Could not have imagined myself anywhere else!!
As a nontrad student, KU offers a lot in the way of accommodation for those who don't fit the 'standard' collegiate student mold. The schools you choose to interact with and seek a degree from will be up front and honest about what that degree will require, and the faculty has been exceptional at meeting even out of normal hours. If you can, go.
Very few food options on campus that wont make you sick. Teachers are horrible and staff is helplessTown is a dump with homeless crack heads roaming everywhere. The school will also find every way they can take your money.
Disabilities department is limited by the multi platform(s) required to access learning tools. Many professors and students have the oppinion microsoft is NOT the platform compatable with those who have disabilities, seemingly to place profits above helping the disabled. Regarding the platforms accessability to the main student body, it seems dated
Load and fun
Stay on top of material.
Ladies avoid being alone at night, on campus, on mass, or anywhere in Lawrence because absolutely no one here is watching out for you. Difficult to make friends, especially during a pandemic. Most professors are willing to work with you but classes are dicey at best, if you find a good prof, stick with them.
Overall good campus. Fun atmosphere for basketball games. The food needs to improve. Newer dorms are really nice, however, many are outdated. DO NOT LIVE IN GSP. Bus system is useful.
Love it so much here, food is awful though :,(
My favorite place on earth
The school is built on a hill. Otherwise great school.
KU is an overall great school. However, their dining system needs a complete reboot.
Honestly, my main gripes are with the construction of the campus itself. There are some things that can't be helped like the fact that it was built on top of a huge hill, but some more accessible routes and entrances to buildings would be fantastic, especially the older ones. I'd also really like more light on campus... it's pitch black in places.
University of Kansas is a good school, but the dorms are a bit pricey, and there's not a lot of food options for a meal if you live off campus or have dietary restrictions.
I loved this place and miss it every day! I highly recommend getting involved anyway you can upon arrival whether it is clubs, social groups, or events, there are countless opportunities - take advantage of them! You will have an amazing time if you use the resources on and off campus. Lawrence is amazing and student-oriented, my favorite place.
Terrible experience I was out of state too so even more money for terrible teachers had to complain about how one my classes was unfairly graded but they brushed it off and kept refusing to meet in person to resolve it even with proof save your money and go to a cheaper school with better teacher
I love KU! I am from Minnesota and coming to KU was one of the best decisions that I have ever made! I love the campus and environment! Kansas City is close, and fun to go hang out on the weekend! There are so many opportunities for students to get involved!
