It is important to note that this school is a distance learning institution for adults, which does not have facilities such as a cafeteria, on site library, social life, etc. so those scores should not be counted. The education that is acquired is excellent, however, which is the main thing.
Be careful of how you pick your mentors.  Most of the course development is horrible. Thomas Edison State College does very little in terms of preparing you for examinations.  I can pick test questions out of 300 pages and I can guarantee you that the instructor would fail my exam.  The college needs to move to open book timed examinations.
Better website and better student blackboard interface. Lecture videos please.
I have to say that since this is a strictly online school I rated my living room because that's where I do my schoolwork. I've been lucky and had great mentors, but I've heard horror stories about terrible ones. I just study and do the coursework, and I have a 3.79 GPA. I do however hate their online proctor service, a bunch of nosy rude teenagers.
Don't expect any breaks when somethig tragic happens. There are no internships offered by TESC, so you have little contacts to get a job later. Sorry I didnt chose a bricks & mortar school. The proffessors
You can find a better school than this. They take forever sending transcripts out causing stress on your part. Don't waste your time here, honestly.
Excellent mentors (professors). They have open email communication and would clarify some of my questions. It is super hard. Lots of essays and projects to write for each class. It has made me a better writer. I enjoyed the classes and online interaction with the students. They accepted most of my credits. Glad I enrolled! Took 36 credits with them
This college is totally online. It is easy to send teh wrong info , and not being in direct contact , you may fail . This college wont help you get a job, because even the State of NJ wont hire someone who has attened an online school. But if you are already working it may help you keep your job. Try Rutgers more prestigue.
0
it is convenient for those with hectic lives and work schedules.  Most professors will work with you making it easier to succeed.
Great for soldiers and distance learning.
Most of these rating didn't matter as this school is non-traditional. This means that food/clubs/social could not really be rated, so I gave them a three -- there wasn't an N/A choice. This was a great school and very challenging. I graduated with a BA in History, went onto graduate school and just finished a teacher certification program.
Good School for working adults...
The overall score does not reflect the benefits of an education at TESC since it is an online college I opted to give a '3' instead of a '0' for food, etc. to be fair.  The online forum for teaching is convenient and allowed me to finish my BSN while working full time.  Many professors also teach at large bricks and mortar universities as well.
Great school for adults with other obligations.
