TESC took a bit to get used to. Once I learned how to navigate around the wesite and the help contacts , it wasis awesome. Each professormentor is helpful and responsive. The workload is considerable,  understandable given it is online.  Bottom line- if you are a self starter and can figure out things on your own you will love this college.
The nursing program is awful. The program is not to benefit student but the school. The facility provided is far below standard. Anyone trying to be a nurse should avoid this school. It is a nightmare.
Excellent for students who work, who have other obligations, or who don't enjoy the traditional school.  Must be self-motivated, because all classes are online.  Discussions with other students are great. Since it's an online school, it doesn't have clubs, but the library is the NJ State Library, with a TON of resources. You just have to look.
Great online program!
Terrible educational experience. Expect to teach yourself everything with no supportinstructionprofessor interaction.
TESC is an online school so a few of these don't really apply. The classes are challenging and most of the mentors are great.  Great college if you're working full time. You can take courses at your own pace.
Staff and faculty are VERY helpful and genuinely care about your success and helping you succeed.
Half of the scores don't really matter because it's an online school. This school is good if you need a degree quickly and are sitting on 90 or more credits. Generous when transferring credit. Try to avoid taking a lot of classes here if you can, as the workload is high for most classes. All learning is self-directed (no lecture videos).
This schools gives you the foundation and tools for a good education. They don't take payment plans, you have to be serious about work. Prerequisite program courses include tests in which you will be proctored online through a 3rd party which is a very intimidating process. Overall I'm satisfied with my program in nursing.
At first I was hesitant because I read some iffy reviews, but I really love TESU. I wish there was a physical campus to meet other students on but besides that it's so flexible, it's wonderful! I will say that some classes are hit-or-miss: most mentors are REALLY chill, especially about late work, but once in a while you'll get a stick in the mud.
I enrolled at TESU with 90 plus credits. I needed a degree quick and cheap. This school has a bad reputation for its mentors. I've had a few excellent mentors but I've had more terrible ones.. Who don't uphold their end of academic standards. No protection for students here, no advocacy for students. You'll get what you paid for at this school..
Great when it comes to flexibility. That is all, however, TESU has to offer. Some "mentors" (professors) are great, but every class is a gamble. I just started another semester and my midterm hasn't even been graded yet from the last. The school designs all the coursework and the mentors just go on and grade. If you're lucky.
Lot of credits from other places and need them to fit into a degree? Go to TESU.  Just starting out? Go elsewhere.  TESU's policy - you get a zero for late discussion post. Flexible? Not really. High stakes testing? Yep, test are usually worth 25% of your final grade! Positive: I learned just as much at TESU as I did Indiana University.
If you like reading textbooks then you've come to the right place.  That's all you'll be doing at TESC, reading textbooks and wondering where the information on the test came from because they never match up.  Good luck, you'll definitely need it with the professors that don't care and don't know whats even on the tests!  Can't wait to be done.
I thought that TESU has been a good college for me, and with only one exception, a bunch of very high quality professors who are reasonable and present assignments in a coherent way.  I had a ton of credits, and this was an easy way for me to get my degree done. I would absolutely come here again if I had to make the decision again.
I transferred with about 90 credits. Good: TESU's academic advising has been phenomenal! Bad: The classes have way too much homework, with very little input. in other words, they give little and expect a lot. I had next to no resources other than a single textbook for most classes. The school structures the classes, it is very impersonal and dull.
This is a completely online school, so some areas don't apply.  The staff is very helpful. Almost every mentor was available for phone calls,  texts, or email. If you are a self directed learner, you will do well. It is for adults who want to learn, not socialize. You get what you put into it. It has been a great experience for me.
Online classes for me so some don't apply very well. For speed, flexibility and price TESU is hard to beat.
I love this School. As a working mother, it offered me the flexibility and is very economical. This school is not for someone concerned about food and socializing. I am here to earn my degree and the school including the professors have helped me much. If, I do my masters, yes will enroll with TESU. :)
I completed most of the Spanish Major at Florida State, but I had to drop out and work. Thomas Edison State College gave me a fair academic evaluation, and let me transfer my credits over to a Liberal Arts program. I love this school, but make sure you do all of your assignments. You can transfer ACE credit here as needed.
TESU gave me the chance to complete a 4-year undergraduate program in 2 years, all the while having a part-time job and learning in the workplace. TESU has a very generous policy by accepting CLEP and DSST credits. This allowed me to finish half my degree in six months. Very grateful to have chosen TESU! Will finish my degree in April 2018!
