If you like reading textbooks then you've come to the right place. That's all you'll be doing at TESC, reading textbooks and wondering where the information on the test came from because they never match up. You might as well just take CLEPs and DSSTs and save money by not attending this college. Professors dont teach the online courses, mentors do
Great place to earn your degree quickly, but needs improvement in engaging students, as in most cases this can be especially difficult through online schooling.
Great school to earn your an excellent degree quickly. Thomas Edison could improve online learning but incorporating video lectures and more interaction.
Some professors interact with students and care about the subject. Others do not participate in online discussions or help struggling students. Instructional videos would help to alleviate the issue since online tutoring does not make sense for certain subjects. Advisors need training. The online ticket system used to resolve issues is a nightmare.
TESU is extremely flexible about allowing transfer credits. You should abuse this as much as you possibly can. Do not take classes here. It is much more expensive, and the classes are just a miserable experience. All learning happens via textbook, and the exam questions barely match the book. Mentor quality can vary anywhere from great to horrible.
I take classes online. Great school. Credit cost fair. Good professors. Academic advisors strong and respond quickly to emails.
I'm 100% online student but live close enough to visit campus if needed. My biggest complaint is the lack of direct instruction. Mentors grade assignments and give feedback, but it's all self-guided learning. I would enjoy online learning more if there were recorded lectures that could be viewed or some level of instruction from the Professors.
I'm no stranger to continuing education or online learning. I'm a HUGE fan of being able to register for new classes every month. This has provided me the ability to complete more classes in six months than I would have been able to do anywhere else in a year. Lots of writing but online learning is pretty much just that. Decent tuition rates, too!
Great online classes and accommodates a full-time working schedule. Never went to the campus to even rate the actual university in Trenton.
I transferred to TESU because of social anxiety and found online college to be exactly right for me. However, it is NOT for everyone. You have to essentially teach yourself all of the material and there are no participation grades. Most mentors are good but some don't do anything. Semesters are a short 12 weeks, thus more intensive.
I'm taking classes via online at TESU and have to say the classes are informative and easy to use. I have four weeks to go until I've gottenmy BA and, with a little prayer and a lot of hard work, was able to complete 46 credits in 9 months due to the ability to stagger classes that start each month and go for three months total. I'd go here again.
I am a slow learner and a HUGE procrastinator so this school was perfect for me. I have been working on my associates for too long now and this school let's you pick back up where ever you left off. The teachers are great and the work is better. Except for labs! I wouldn't encourage sciences or labs online here at this school. Overall, great!!
If you pay, you get a degree. I worked my butt off in CC and a few semesters at Rutgers and needed to finish at TESU due to work and time. I would log on once a week and complete my assignments in a few hours to consistently receive 100's and no feedback other than "great job!" At this point, I'm just hoping the school doesn't lose accreditation.
If it wasn't cheap, I wouldn't have stayed. Classes are all a joke especially if you've ever taken a real college course at a real university. Pretty embarrassed that I have to put this school on my resume but the only saving grace was that it was dirt cheap.
THE ONLY 2 reasons to graduate from this online Univ: 1) It accepts nearly all transfer credits 2) It's cheap. Other than that, this school has been a TOTAL PAIN to deal with. The advisors have given me wrong info countless times, and never stand behind it, which has cost me thousands. I genuinely cannot trust anything any faculty tells me.
This is a online university for the self directed adults. Liberal transfer policy and you can test out of some of the classes which will save you a ton of money and speed your process. Test out of everything you can. Research what your doing and make sure you understand the policies. I'm 100% satisfied with my choice.
Admittedly, I'm very biased since I graduated from TESU in 2017 with my BSAST in Nuclear Energy Engineering Technology. I took all my courses online and have been very pleased with the courses, teachers, and atmosphere of TESU. I'm currently working on my MBA with TESU and just finished my course in Social Media. Self-directed adults apply here!!
Course work is too intense, even in the introductory classes. Thomas Edison claims to support working adults, but I had to quit my part-time job to succeed in the classes. It was the quickest way to graduate for me, since they took most of my transfer credits. However, I would not recommend this college to anyone just starting out.
I am currently attending online classes at Thomas Edison. The professors are very lazy with grading. If you submit late you get a markdown but if they mark your paper 3 weeks late it's ok. Can't wait to cut ties.
I am currently attending online classes at Thomas Edison. I have been lucky to have dedicated professors who are willing to help and will give advice. The courses can be intense especially starting out. Some of the professors as long as you communicate to them will cut you some slack and won't mark you down.
Is this a school or a printing diploma company? Why so many morons staff got hired? Inconsistent curriculum, lack of knowledge for transferring courses, awful front-end advisors, lack of integrity. The location is in the U.S and it is a U.S diploma but no quality. The only reason that alumnus have a decent job because they already had a decent job!
Has a lot of online classes to choose from.
This is a university for independent adults who can manage their time while holding a fulltime job and kids. There aren't professors but mentors for a reason. They except most transfer credits and the schedule is very flexible which I need. I have had great mentors and horrible ones, but my overall experience has been great considering it is online
Affordable, flexible all-online accredited university with plenty of degree programs and generous transfer credit and test-for-credit options. Highly recommend for all learners!
This school is a joke, did not do a single assignment for a class until the final 72 hours of the semester and finished 8 of the 10 papers, most of the discussion boards as well as the final then midterm and received an A. So if you want to brush up on your writing and testing prowess prior to heading for a real graduate schooltake a class or two.
