Small university with the usual small university pros and cons. Pretty & well-maintained campus, generally helpful and approachable faculty, limited number of clubs but can start new ones if there are people interested, and university makes a concerted effort to have enjoyable social activities like movies and music nights. Close to public transit.
I have made so many great friends and I love the grounds!!! So many great places to explore and go for walks :)
It is wonderful!
Love it... Would choose this school all over again...
I love UP because of the people and community. This place is perfect if you are looking for a smaller school yet a school with ample opportunities _to get involved with student activities, sports, intramurals, plays, crew, YOU NAME IT. Living in the residence halls is fun and enjoyable. Some of the halls are brand-spankin-new. Love this school!
UP has a close-knit community. Lots of things to do in St. John's/Portland!
Absolutely wonderful community, great teachers, beautiful campus
People are very 'nice' around here. A lot of prep school kids. The average student is an overachiever (= not much going on on campus + impersonality). Conservative undertone & administration water-down life.  Liberal student body & surrounding area (a decent % of homosexuals).  Getting downtown by bus is only practical if you have 3+ hours to burn.
Excellent school. Highly recommend it.
I wish more people knew about this incredible school. UP needs more recognition for the quality of their graduates. I have learned so much by going here. I'm so glad that I can call this school my home.
Overall I like UP, but the food here is NOT good.
teachers are all over the place.
The campus is beautiful, but the opportunities are limited. The class options are minimal and the over all atmosphere is a little uptight. The people are mostly spoiled and rich and have the attitude that goes with it. Overall, I had an OK experience.
love it
University of Portland is filled with a uniquely bright and communicative staff that values its students and strives for academic excellence far beyond other mid-major private schools.
LOVE IT. Definitely come here. We're a happy family :)
GOOD SCHOOL FOR A SMALL SCHOOL. HAS GREAT ACADEMICS
It's been a great experience and I'm happy to be here!
This school tries very hard to be successful in every aspect; it succeeds marvelously.
I love my school
this place is awesome, it may be overlooked since its a catholic school but honestly you dont even notice. the professors are all great and the food is AMAZING, even tho you might get tired of it- you know you still love it. all the programs are great... but the people here are truly amazing. they give the school such a great atmosphere GO PILOTS!!
Love this school!! It quickly became "home away from home". Everyone is so nice and helpful.
I'm glad I decided to attend UP. The people here are nice, and the professors know what they're talking about. However, I do believe there is room for improvement. For example, the Office of Residence Life here is just so bad. Not only did I get stuck with a bad roommate, but they refuse to do allow me to switch rooms.
I love UP it is a great school for anyone who is looking for small class sizes and a great education. All your professors want to see you succeed and they will do anything they can to help you get there.
I am so happy that I am at UP. Best school ever!
The University of Portland is the best place for me. It has an amazing community with the best dorm system around (specifically Christie Hall).
If a small school is your thing, UP is perfect for you. The campus is beautiful; integrating nature and a modern touch. The classes are 'intimate' and the professors genuinely care about you. The nursing program is highly regarded and the simulation laboratories are perfect for future nurses.
Cool place.. Beautiful Oregon.
Go Pilots
Beautiful school with a stellar reputation, but definitely needs improvement on the Wifi.
Professors are great! They care about you, and give you opportunities to be analytical and critical. Kuddos to Dr. Lippman, Dr. Gudigantala, and Dr. Holloway. Keep up the good work! From the administrative and service side credits to Heidi Senior and Montana Hisel-Cochran. Downside: Internet and off campus services are terrible expected a lot more.
This school is amazing. The people are great, the campus is wonderful, and overall, it feels like home.
I love this school
I grew up in the Portland area and decided to go to UP with little knowledge about the school besides the fact that they're fairly selective and that my cousin went there and loved it.  I didn't even tour the campus.  I'm so glad I made that decision though because I absolutely adore this school.
If you're right -wing, good luck
beautiful campus that is small enough that everyone knows people and are extremely friendly, but in a great location that allows for adventures outside campus. Academics are great so far and the professors are always willing to help.
love this school and professors are really nice
UP has become my favorite place on earth. I love the people, the location, the campus, the weather... everything is great. the wifi does kinda suck though. I think they are fixing it
Love UP
Expect rain. Slow internet and good food until you get sick of it.
