Food is great, but lack of variety makes it tiresome at times. Great support network in the business school. They offer plenty of scholarships that make the school much more affordable
Great Private Education. Above Average food. Social is lacking.
The positives are: the small class sizes and small campus, this makes it easy to get from class to class. Also amazing Professors.  The negatives are: the lack of communication with advisors and staff, they only do the bare minimum when it comes to helping. Also, if you aren't an "A student" you get bullied into thinking that you don't belong.
I've definitely enjoyed my time on the Bluff. I think UP is in a huge period of transition-higher enrollment numbers, new facilities on a regular basis, increased diversity in student body...I can't wait to see how future UP students will be impacted by spending their 4 years of college here.
Despite being a Catholic college, I've found that about half the students don't share the same faith, and that the school is overall very welcoming. Great food, generally knowledgeable professors, and delicious food! Plus, downtown Portland is only a half hour bus ride away.
If you're looking to be a part of a community, UP is where you want to be. Your professors genuinely care about you, and for the most part, the staff and student body are some of the nicest people you will ever meet. It's easy to call this place home, but a small school isn't for everyone.
The campus is small, from dorms it can take only 6mins to get to class. Dorm life can be as great as you make it! Not the big party school that everyone, sometimes, wants. Great new buildings, and more coming! Campus is surrounded by mostly college housing creating a great vibe even off campus. Downtown is normally 30mins away with traffic.
There's a UP mobile app where you can check your classes and what the commons is serving. Global station can never go wrong. Panini is to die for. Grill is pretty good too. Campus is the right size and dorms are within walking distance.
Love this school. Feels like home.
I love UP! It's a beautiful campus with great profs, great peers and great opportunities.  They're constantly renovating and adding new buildings and I love watching the campus grow!
Its amazing best school ever
Its a lot smaller than I expected. everyone knows everyone, which can be a good thing and bad thing
The academics are fantastic, the location is wonderful, the campus is beautiful, and students are friendly and bright. However, the food is hit or miss, there is virtually no party scene, it seems to be more intense than other schools of simular stature, and the population is fairly homogeneous. I love it here and can't imagine being anywhere else.
LOVE THIS PLACE
I love UP
great weather
Really great school with a great atmosphere.  I really feel at home here.
Small campus where you see the same people most of the time. Dorms and workshops allow you to get involved and meet people. Usually a party every weekend, but it's not a party school. Food can get old after a while, but it's not as bad as people make it out to be.
As with any schools, there are pros and cons here. I've had a overwhelmingly positive experience. What you put into your college experience you get out of it.
The school is very small so there's not as many clubs or people to meet but it makes for more intimate classes. There is more emphasis on nursing and engineering and not so much any other major.
I love it
A smaller campus, but that allows for more intimate connections with peers and professors. Generally a very welcoming community. Great classes, people, etc.
A small campus with very nice people and a great atmosphere. You can easily travel using the Trimet system. The classes are great and while they are Catholic, it is not forced upon those who are not.
University of Portland is a beautiful school with a really great atmosphere. The faculty genuinely care about our success and I have met some of the most amazing young people here.
Watch out for Sister Sue
GREAT, GREAT, GREAT SCHOOL. EXPENSIVE BUT TOTALLY WORTH IT.
I really love it here, they take care of you.
University of Portland is the best choice I have ever made. Period. End of story.
Good place, you have to take a bus or a car though if you want to get into downtown PDX.  Great options on campus though if you cannot get off it.
Great school!
In general, I really love this campus. Everyone is really kind, the access to help is really great.
UP is a really well known regional school. People are insanely nice here (will hold a door open even if you're 50 feet away). You don't have to be immersed in Catholicism if you don't want to be. Virtually no hook-up culture since you can see the same person in the one main dining commons or library so that's awkward. Ton of Hawaiians and Guam kids
Although some of the Catholic stances (no premarital sex, no birth control handed out on campus) are strict for a campus that does not follow that rule, it is a wonderful campus. It is not too big or not too small. Class sizes are perfect - you will know everyone in your class, and the professors are friendly. Just needs more diversity.
If you're looking for a typical college social life, don't come here. Professors are either amazing or the absolute worst, just have to take your chances. Not a huge fan. Would transfer if I could.
No global training for staff or faculty regarding minorities and diversity.  One priest was overhead telling a staff member they acted, "Too black." Obvious sexist pay and treatment inequities for employees. Students not encouraged to think for themselves but, rather, to conform.
UP is filled to the brim with students passionate about what they are studying and will often go above what is expected. However, like every school, there are some slackers that stick out like sore thumbs. The students are friendly, polite, and diverse in their interests. But.. a lot of entitled rich kids who have never been outside of private ed.
Absolutely wonderful school. There is a great sense of community and you get a lot of one on one connections with profs which is really helpful.
Internet is awful for such a small school, especially considering the price of tuition!
Great school, great food nearby, amazing people all around, and all in all the best choice I believe I could have made. Advise: stay on campus 2 years it's worth it. :
The size of the school was just right for me, not too big or too small. The food was great aside from eating it every day and getting sick of it. The professors for the most part were very caring and had my best interest in mind.
I like it here a lot! Internet can be a pain to deal with sometimes. Beautiful campus, nice people at all levels. Portland is an awesome city.
School is fairly well academics are really great! the only thing it lacks is diversity, being a person of color can be awkward here because there is no one else that looks like you.
Currently a freshman living on campus and really love it. It is a fairly small school and a stunning campus. For the most part great teachers, especially the nursing teachers who are all amazing. The campus is pretty isolated around a residential area (so lots of opportunity to live off campus but still very close to school) which is nice.
Not much of a social party scene type of school, but pretty good facilities, food, safety, and location. Also watch out if you don't have a MAC the internet connection has been spotty ever since they "fixed" the system.
The university is small enough to where you really get to know your collegues and professors which is nice! Its tight knit and small, however it gets cliquey. Great financial aid opportunities, they really go the extra mile to help you. Their is no real social life, all parties get shut down early, and weather sucks, always gray. 0 diversity
