Beautiful campus and friendly advisors. Had some pretty bad professors. Food is very repetitive. No service in dorm. I had some very liberal professors, which was surprising since its supposed to be a Christian school.
small
UP has a lot going for it: beautiful campus, active student body, lots to do on and off campus, and engaging academics. The school is a weird, awesome blend of the old-fashioned and the modern, and it's easy to feel like the campus is a home-away-from-home. Professors are competent at least, and most are awesome.
Is it worth the tens of thousands of dollars...
I really like UP. Everyone is so nice and there's a lot of opportunities. Also the location is great because its close to Portland but not in the city.
UP is a great community and really wants to make sure that you get where you want to go with your education. The food is pretty good but can get a little old since there aren't that many options, and the school isn't that great at handling gender stuff (like the sports dinner last year).
A safe choice but not exciting, the wifi rarely works and there is little social life. Good academics if you are interested in nursing though and safe to the point of being boring.
I loved this school! Almost graduated from another school in a different state. I totally wasn't prepared to start my career. After finishing U of P I felt confident and prepared to start and excel at my new career. Thanks U of P for the pragmatic instruction!!
UP is a great school where the professors really care and take their time to help you learn. 10/10 recommend.
its a cool school
When I think of college I think of this campus. There is a ton of work that needs to be done administration wise. It's a place where if you're a loner, you're free to be a loner. If you're more outgoing, there are many opportunities to get out there. Over all, I love my school even though major changes NEED to be made.
I am really glad I came here. Small but fun, and a lot of opportunities you wouldn't get in bigger schools.
University of Portland cares more about the appearances. The academics are not that excellent. It is not a good place for high achievers. Mediocre students are happy, thinking achieving a lot. I recommend to outstanding students to look for another college.
This school is incredible. Only let for me was the social life. Definitely a sleepy school. However once you make connections and meet more people there are opportunities to party. This leads to a safer party scene. There is no greek life and our off campus houses are in residential neighborhoods close to the school so public safety shows up a lot.
Lots of opportunity in the Portland area and I definitely feel safe on campus. Buildings are close together, which makes walking to class easy and efficient.
There are tons of work opportunities on campus that work with your schedule, and the professors are amazing and helpful and come from all types of backgrounds!
The school is great, there are a number of issues myself and friends have had with the administration. They are not the best at communicating about scholarships and paperwork. The campus is beautiful and I love the location. It is close to downtown and at the same time away from all the noise. Food is good most of the time.
I love UP.
The campus had beautiful scenery and architecture, the faculty are passionate for the most part, and I am overall happy with my campus. It's way too pricey though!!
The best college and university in Oregon hands down.
