If you want an engineering/science education, it's a great school.  If you want a social scene... this is not the school for you (except you can try to get involved in activities).
The graduate level business program is experiencing sever structural and managerial challenges that greatly effect the quality of information about courses and advice given by advisers. I would suggest looking elsewhere for a better value. Also, the career services are nearly non-existent.
While the professors and the dialog here are amazing (at least in the architecture school), there is little to no activity involvement from anyone.  The campus is unattractive, but boasts a couple of great buildings, such as Crown Hall and the Student Center. Best architecture program in the Midwest.
IF you are anything besides an engineer or architect, you do not want to be here. While the proximity to Chicago is great, there is little social life on campus outside of the Greek community. The property is not kept up very well and not very welcoming. Do not regret my decision to transfer away.
There are a lot of foreign students in this school, which could be a good thing, but at the same time can be bad as the opportunities to interact with the mainstream American people is limited. Some of the professors are immigrants and their English is poor. The Career Center is only Okay, the campus is located right next to a ghetto
Get out of here as soon as possible
People will tell you that the food used to be even worse, so you should be thankful. What a lame excuse. The food is worthless, the properties are poorly maintained, every "Top 20" IIT has earned in the Princeton Review is negative, it's hard to get funding for clubs, financial aid department is incompetent, bursar is rude and violates contracts.
It is very much a school for engineering and architecture.  If you want a social scene, it'd be advised to make some friends as schools like Loyola, UIC or the like.  Also few girls go there, but that is what the rest of Chicago is for.  A school to get a solid education, but not for the "College Experience".
This really is an engineering/architecture school. Great CS professors. Prepare to be busy. Love being a few subway stops away from the heart of the city.
If you are nerdy and love videogames and learning about science or architecture, you will fit in here. Everyone is smart and everyone works hard. If you want a "college scene" type social life, you can join the Greeks, or just go to a differentschool. Everyone here who understands the atmosphere is happy. The "state school" type people are unhappy.
Great school that is underrepresented in many major ranking systems. The bad part is that it is hard to find a really good teacher. Mostly, it feels like my education is self-taught. But if you can adjust, the career opportunities are great. The university has connections with a lot of great engineering companies. It also does a lot of research.
Generous with financial aid and the location is great. Most professors are here for research, not primarily to teach, and many are foreign, but the education is very thorough in each program. Social atmosphere leaves a lot to be desired and Greek life is your only option if you're looking for the "college experience." Overall good, could be better.
Do not go here unless you are an architect or engineer. The other programs, especially Psychology are very lacking in direction and courses are not offered often enough to graduate in 4 years. Financial Aid is incompetent and the Bursars is rude. Best library in Chicago, though.
Its a great school but it is very expensive.
Very good location, public transit available on campus in two stations. U-pass is very useful in this setting. Allows unlimited use of chicagos public transit.
I love it here! great school
good school but not one of the top in the country. university seems to be more of a company than an educational institution.
I love this school!
Really think about it twice don't make the same mistake many of us have done.
IIT's student life is excellent. The faculty truly listens to students concerns and is honest with us about what they are willing and able to work on. Dining is not amazing, but Sodexo works with a Student Advisory Board to do the best they can. Overall, IIT is an incredible investment.
Not for everyone, I find myself uncomfortable there. Most of the events that happen while I'm on campus are for older people. Students aren't even aloud to attend unless you have a pass. Not many things go on during the day which isn't good for commuters. I think this school is better for grad students not for undergrad.
Good school all in all for CS
amazing school with excellent professors
If you want to do something fun and exciting, you defiantly have to go off campus for that. Most people here are not very social and they keep to themselves. It's not the best environment for someone who wants to go to school and have a great social life.
It can be a tough school, so be prepared to work; but, it pays off and you can have a lot of fun here too.
Cool place
The student body is of a very interesting group. Outgoing and social but yet still happily nerdy and proud to be so. In addition, faculty is very helpful with students wanting to start new clubs.
I'm a freshman and already getting job offers. The food isn't bad and I like the majority of my professors.
For someone studying engineering, this is the best school in the city for it.
Best school for an engineer. People often complain about it not being too social, but that's just a matter of personality (my social network has been multiplied by 5 here). Only drawback, not that many good-looking chicks (but enough).
What more can you expect from a small tech school.
This school is all about academics. There is very limited social life and social activities in this school, but there is plenty in the city, since its located in Chicago. Most of the professors here at IIT are not here to teach, but to do research. So majority of the learning is done on your own andor with your peers, but not from your prof.
For my major at least it is a very respectabl school. The location Chicago is where id like to be. It has the green line going right through the campus too. The grounds are not that pretty but its an engineering and architecturall built campus. Its built towards convenience and design more so  than to be old and pretty. The food is better than most
I love this place. It is not the place to go if you're looking to party. But if you're academically focused and serious about your education, this is the place to be. There's lots of diversity and it's a collection of the smartest people I have ever met.
Not much in the way of mentoring, if you are considering graduate school.  Feel more like a number (CWID). Social life is minimal, if you commute don't expect to be informed much about campus events and clubs.  Food is overpriced & gross!  Grounds, buildings are outdated and in dire need of repair!  Library is more like a cafe, dirty & too noisy!
If you want to meet genuine people, party and at the same time be a 4.0 student you'll fit right in. You study hard on capus with like minded people and your a train ride away from the coolest craziest and never-sleeping city, Chicago. Clubs are crazy, theres always something going on and on campus you can find the right people to have fun;)
This is definitely a really great place to receive a challenging academic experience. The grounds are not very appealing &  need updating wmore of a park area for students to relax & study. The buildings are either very drafty in the winter or extremely hot in the warmer months. I enjoy the hands on experiences gained at IIT.
Can't say much, I like the campus and the school but some of the professors are unbearable.
