The school is in an alright location but it is close to downtown Chicago so that's a plus. The classes are small and it's not to easy to get distracted from academics because everyone is very focused. That being said the schools clubs are there but not promoted and everyone is  a bit quiet.
Academically strong, socially ehhh.
IIT is kind of like a 'diamond in the rough.' Youre not totally appreciative of itimpressed by it unless youve studied there or experienced their curriculum first hand and have then seen the post-grad job market. Im so happy I chose IIT instead of Loyola or UIC.
IIT is a great campus if you get involved. There are incredible opportunities and the school is filled with incredibly smart cool people. Do not let the Tech school part change your mind because that is one of the best parts.
Good school
IIT has many good professors who want to help  and see students succeed. Classes are tough  for those in STEM, but rewarding when you see your progress. There are  too many international students. There isn't a whole lot of socialization/fun on campus. Campus is quite ugly, but its changing. The lab spaces are outdated. Still a good school!
Very, very small, definitely not a party school, but you do get the chance to excel in academics, maybe find a party on the weekend.
IIT is what you make of it. Food sucks on campus but is improving. Classes are tough but you learn a lot. Great for finding a job, especially if you are CS or STEM. Make friends and you'll find parties.
The college is nice but it has a lot of course load
Will have good food? NO Will you have a social life? NO  Will you hear spoken English around campus? NO  Will you struggle in classes? YES Will you hear of robberies and violence? YES Will you enjoy this school? It depends on what you make out of it!
Apart from the awful food and spotty at best internet, this school is really quite good. It's not easy, but nobody ever said it would be easy. If you're looking for a solid, city science and engineering school, would definitely recommend. Expensive, but pretty good on scholarships.
Food and dorms are terrible
Great school. Really what you decide to make of it. Plenty of opportunities for research. When people complain about social life lacking here, that's very untrue. The Greek life here is amazing. If you want to be social, then join one or hang out with them. Otherwise, stay in your room and continue to complain. Overall, I love my school.
Grad student here. Very disappointed. Expensive tuition, theoratic courses and terrible education quality. Some instructors are not Prof or not industry experienced or spoke broken English. Materials taught are out of dated. Small and dirty lib, Fitness room is just in one room and not open regularly in summer. Run away if you get a better choice.
Love it
Our university has an weirdly high ranking when it comes to payscale. Even above the prestigious UIUC. Everything here is just about enough to do anything you want to do. All needs are met. Professors are generally fine. Social life is good enough. Given that they give out scholarships to a majority of students, IIT is a good, affordable choice.
It is a really good school, but only academically.
nice campus, but its educative power still needs to be accelerate.
very bad
It is okay.
Classes are difficult. Social life is limited unless you decide to put in the time and effort to get involved. You get out what you put in.
Come and see...
Relatively good institute.
IIT is a cool school in terms of the architecture and engineering clout. It is also out of the way of the city like UIC's campus so it has some nice green grounds to chill out on when warm. If you're looking for a luxury experience, go elsewhere but if you're a down to earth, not judgmental person looking to having a relaxed college life it's here.
IIT is a good school. Love the biology program. Most of the professors I have had have been amazing, the rest have been good, one was a disaster. Academics are challenging, and professors are generally accessible. Campus is slightly depressing but downtown is a quick train-ride away. Beware of privileged suburbanites.
The school is surviving off its old reputation. The school is too focused of "innovation" and neglects critical thinking.
I love this school.
Good school overall. Don't expect much of a social life. Some very smart professors and some bad ones.
This college is pretty bad.  The fact that we now call ourselves "Illinois Tech" because ITT Tech is more reputable says it all.  The first thing you'll notice is that the dorms are so bad the college covers them up with trees to hide them from the public.  To add to that, the food is literally public school food.  Most public colleges are better.
IIT was a MAGICAL experience for me. The commons was soooo delicious, and the campus was poppin on weekends. Ignore those cynical reviews you are reading here, I had the time of my life at IIT and I think it's the very best school in the world. :)))
Only go here if you get tons of scholarships, not with ticket price
I'd recommend Greek Life / athletics if you want to be social
Honestly not that bad of a school. The food is bad yeah and there is no party scene but other than that the education is top-notch and if that's all you want in a college than IIT is not bad.
Overall a great school with a fantastic engineering programs
Go Scarlet Hawks!
Maybe it's due to the school being too focused on finding tech jobs for students, but the opportunities there to develop socially to fit in with today's adult society is not up to par. Ex: I noticed people not taking or knowing how to take their humanities seriously.  Imperceptive professors that care more about their research. Thus, a disconnect.
Maintenance is not very on top of things. Takes a long time to complete tasks. South side Chicago is a little sketchy, but campus safety being all around helps. Still have some nerve racking moments and people around the area though. For a tech school, Internet should NOT be an issue, but it is. Food needs to have more options!
Not the best school in Illinois, not even the best school in Chicago. But Illinois Institute of Technology isnt a bad option for someone whos not got the best of academics but still wants to study in a good place. And by that, were talking about the city!
IIT is really a mixed bag of expectation vs. reality. The shool's academics, reputation, and location in the heart of Chicago puts it in a prime place to be a wonderful institution but it often falls short on the more personal and social aspects of college. It feels like I'm getting a good education but not always the best life experiences.
Great Professors with great research opportunities. Course works are overloaded so expect to spend good enough time to study. Safety is always the problem in evening to night. Good transportation to Chicago downtown. Weather is not that great.
