I went to school for Architecture, switched to Mechanical Engineering. For Architecture, it's one of the best and I'd happily recommend it. For Mechanical Engineering, there are much cheaper schools that will be more than adequate. Note that this school is tough, you will have a better GPA by going somewhere easier.
This place is a dump -- absolutely terrible place to study and call home. Looking at transferring out ASAP.
Good school with a great engineering program. Seems like theyre trying to make a lot of improvements and updates around campus which is great.
This school will suck the life out of you. There.s nothing to do on campus and all of your classes will bore you to death unless you're an architecture student. The architecture students all have interesting classes. The only classes you get to choose are humanities or social sciences and none of them are interesting in the slightest. It sucks
Best time ever
Do yourself a favor and go to an actual college. English is not a native language to 80% of professors and students. Classes are very difficult and campus social life is virtually nonexistent.
Tech YEAH!!!!!!
I have attended 4 actual Universities and this was my favorite. Graduate from here and you will make $. Walk down any of the halls in the dorm during the day and meet people from all around the world. 50% international student population. I have friends to this day in Korea, Czechia, Japan, China, Sri Lanka, Korea, Spain, Brazil, Canada, Malaysia..
Looking back, I feel that I obtained a great education from IIT. The rigor is there for engineering, and this challenged me and changed me for the better. There could be more support for undergrads that struggle in their classes. I took advantage of my classes, and am now realizing through my current job that IIT really prepared me for Industry.
It's like it's this university's first time opening its doors or something. If you're a veteran get ready for some of the most frustrating hurtles you're going to have to jump (NOT OK). Fees on fees for everything from using a locker at the gym to just being allowed to post your homework online. (All their sites SUCK and are user-unfriendly).
Great teachers, perfect location so close to downtown Chicago. Public safety is always around, maybe even too much. The facilities are a little run down but I haven't experienced any major problems.
Not worth the price unless you're studying architecture. Don't come here if you are hoping for any sort of campus life. It absolutely doesn't exist. Every event the school throws seems to be lacking. They never provide anything for free. The classes are nothing special. Most people I know hate the school, but don't put the effort in to transfer.
The campus itself is very beat up and for a school made of architectures it doesn't have very pleasing to look at buildings. The students here all suck. I love diversity think its great, but when you go to school and more than half of your teachers cant communicate with you because they speak other languages,thats an issue. The social life sucks.
This school makes you move out of your bubble and motivates you to work hard. I really had a good time here at the school. I met wonderful new people throughout my stay at IIT. But you need to put some efforts in order to have a great time at IIT. (I miss one person the most, unfortunately, I can't see that person again. :( )
If you need any help from the university, they will make sure to use it as their advantage and ruin a student's life. They don't care anything about a student. All they care is how to extract extra tuition fees from the students, even if it means making a student go through depression.
Great school for STEM majors with a great reputation.
Tuition rates climb as food quality decreases.
Great engineering school with a fantastic reputation from employers. Knowledgeable teachers as well. Great school to go to if you are seriously focused on your studies because the social life isn't too great but its what you make out of it.
A great campus in a great city
If youre looking for a great education along with the fun college experience this is not the place to be. Social life is non-existant. The campus itself is depressing. Theres a couple good professors but the rest are mediocre. What gives this school a good reputation is the hard working, smart, international students. The education is subpar.
All I can really speak for is the math department, which doesn't really have its stuff together...
Illinois Tech is actually a good school but there were some incidences as to which there were shootings close to campus twice this semester but thankfully, Illinois Tech Public Safety was quite helpful and ensures they email us whenever there is a threat to our safety.
I think you understand IIT's quality after you graduate. Lectures may be hard, the social life is lacking, but people that come here have a purpose in their mind. I gained valuable experience both in and out of the class.
I'll never forget my experience at IIT; from the proximity to downtown Chicago to the coursework to hearing the L constantly roar above the MTCC, I would do it again if I could. The courses were tough (architecture major here), but even the professors that were mean genuinely cared and had passion for education. I give this school an A+++
Great school for academics!!!
Safety is a significant issue. Other than that, it's not too bad.
