it doesn't worth the price you pay to go there. For Aerospace and Mechanical students, their career fair is useless. 2/10 good professors that know how to explain their materials clearly. you can get a better education and connections to find a job opportunity in UIC and any other public university.
I'm speaking as a Clinical Psychology student: Professors were great, there's opportunities to work in a research lab, campus is close to downtown, smalll class sizes,the student body is diverse and hardworking, social life is what you make of it - if you join a club, sports, or greek life it's a great time! Safety is not an issue as some may say.
This institute is one of my bad decision in my life, This institute will only take your money and will give you nothing in return the faculty is not really good the professors don't even know how to teach, Please avoid this institute, I'm currently doing data sciences and I repeat this is one of the bad decision of my life.
Spent 5 years here. This school is worth it, if you pay less than 10k a year. Any more and you are being ripped off. Campus is not safe. I was mugged twice and my car broken into. Public safety is paid min wage and has a weapon, and is told the school will not back them up if they use force. Dorms full of mold and dirt, food is sub par.
I wish I went somewhere else.
If you are deciding to attend IIT then consider this. Make sure you think long-term when you come here. Every student has a purpose here, which means your going to have to make some sacrifices to get ahead and a decent grade in your classes. Clubs are great, social life can be hard to maintain but remember what I said about sacrifices.
Hit or miss
top tier school falling behind due to poor admin
Its okay. I wouldn't really recommend it tbh
I question how a lot of the professors here ever got hired.
Expensive. VERY expensive. School is somewhat stingy with financial aid, but because they deal with many international students, they fold easily to bargaining. You do not have to be a pro to bargain down your prices when you are first applying. Resources are generally available, and there are many on campus.
IIT has the potential to be a very prestigious school that could be respected across the nation; however, the administrators refuse to take the steps towards improvement. The school is considered to be excellent academically and the location is fantastic as it is a 10-minute train ride from the loop. The school could be top class if it wanted to.
I don't get why students complain, It's just a small school, expect to work hard. to succeed. Education is good, many competitive students but also a lot of cheaters and lazy people. The opportunities are good and if you work hard you can easily land a job at a big tech company. A downside is the social life (nerdy school as expected)
Worked for IIT since 2017 and recently left the school. Unfortunately, President Raj Echambadi is running the institution into the ground. Over the last few months the turnover of Provosts has been jaw dropping. With that much turnover, think twice before coming here.
