This is actually a pretty decent school. If you really look into your opportunities they are endless. My overall experience has been that most professors are willing to work with you as best as they can to help you reach success.
Turdville. Faculty are victims of incompetent administration. Students are victims of incompetent colleagues.
Fayetteville State Univ gives you the best bang for you dollar. Dispite being at the bottom of UNC's list to receive decent funding, they do wonders providing a higher education. I have NO REGRETS choosing FSU. The students, professors, and staff are second to none. BRONCO PRIDE!
I came to FSU in 2007, came back as a readmit in Fall 2009 and will be grad this Spring. Needless to say i have been on the Chancellor's and Dean's list EVERY semester since I came back. However, I have watched FSU changed right before my eyes, ACCT dept in particular. Prof do not care about their students anymore when we should be first!
Tuition is VERY affordable. Homecoming is a big deal, too bad same efforts not in other areas.  Administration is incompetent & slow. Most prof. teach on elem. level. FSU has potential to be a great HBCU, but w/ subpar commit 2 excellc, its not gonna happen. I work at another uni & am disappointed that subpar work is standard here. Glad its cheap.
Many people who have never attended another collegiate university will attempt to ridicule FSU, and fail miserably. After one semester you can appreciate the diverse, unbiased instructors, faculty, and student body. Location is rough, but that has absolutely nothing to do with the quality of the university. It has flaws, but what University doesn't
The school is located in a dangerous area. People are routinely attacked and robbed. Security is not adequate. The quality of the school sucks and the majority of the professors in the social work graduate program could care less about the students or their program.
If you come to this school DO NOT live on campus. The housing presented is not the best and you have a 95% chance of getting robbed.
FSU is exactly what you make out of it. It's not in the best location, and people do get robbed consistently but campus police has gotten a lot better about campus safety. Cost of attendance is one of the cheapest in the state for a university but financial aid will mess up you finances if you don't stay on top of them. Campus life needs an upgrade
This school seems to lean Democratic as far as politics go and teachers seem afraid to voice opinions or to allow any form of political discussion in the classroom.
Don't attend this school. They don't value the students education. The chairs refuse to help and too many professors are unprofessional. It is rare they will even be a doctor or helpful. Don't come here the only good thing I can say is that the library is great but even the cleanliness of the school is in bad condition. Very lazy staff overall.
The professors are willing to help you on a personal level since the classroom student count is small. If your looking for a low cost college with small classroom size, then FSU is for you.
Financial aid department could be better.  I was a dean's list student and received a nice letter.  Then became a chancellor's list student for several semesters and haven't heard a word from the school.  Clubs and organizations are lousy. As an adult commuter, it isn't bad.  I wouldn't come here for campus life at all.  Not a terrible school.
Great
Transferring is also an option.
FSU is not a great college.  I must say I really like all of my professors, however it seems most of them are scared to say anything to students even if students are being disrespectful to them.  Students being rude in class is an every day occurrence, this is my biggest dislike of FSU.
Anyone is allowed on campus, too many robberies at night and day time :/
Anyone is allowed on campus, too many robberies at night and day time :/
There are wonderful professors at this school. Other than that I have nothing else to say. Uhh there's some great clubs and organizations.
