The worst school I have ever been to. No help in any department. God awful service how is this a university. I hope to transfer out of this school soon. +-
Not the best and not the worse. It is a very affordable school so thats always a plus.
Fsu is all what you make it, not as bad as some of these comments!
Awesome!
Fayetteville State is not a bad campus at all I'm just not the type to get along with some of the people here. It mostly depends on the type of person you are and the things you like. I liked that the campus is well centered and is very close to Ramsey, Skibo, Morganton and all the other known roads in Fayettevile
The Lyons Science building needs a paint job. Every time I see it I get depressed. The "Caf" has no vegetarian options and the food taste like high school food definetly not worth the $7
Great school
Overall a disappointment.
The school is what you make it!
You will have a great HBCU experience. You make your own experience
I love my HBCU. Can I get an ATTITUDEE CHECKKKK!!
An okay university of you like a campus that has the atmosphere of High schoolers- because that's what its basically consumed of. Other than that, if you go here for the education, then it's okay.
campus would be so much better if it was a closed campus so many random people that aren't student on campus and the campus crime is very high (fsu never presses charges just look at police logs)  food is terrible, communication between you and departments is awful, living in the dorms is terrible, smells of pot and always loud in renaissance hall
There is so much to do here between clubs and organizations or you can just be you and chill out with your work. The parties and such hosted on campus are fun too. #NOHOE
Great HBCU ! A lot going on and it's all about what you make it.
Only thing is it is cheap!!!Live off-campus!!
It is all what you make it
Great school!!! Truly cares about your success, met my greatest friends at this place!
School needs to do better
This is a great school!!! I loved it here! Miss it sooooo much! Best days of my life was at this awesome HBCU!
This institution is a great place for students who aren't looking for a large campus space. It is a very friendly, and well-rounded school. The educational quality of the school is up to part. This school provides a great education to their students. They believe that all of their students have a equal amount of opportunity.
Fayetteville state University is what you make of it. If your reality of ut is horrible then it us going to be as such. If your reality of it is fun. Its going to be as such. This school has molded me into being a great individual. I give it to Fayetteville State for making me a bronco fit for life.
Fayetteville State University is wonderful school if anyone wants to become a Nursing major. This university has one of the best Nursing Programs in the state of North Carolina! However, this school does not offer some degrees which makes it impossible to choose from. Other than that, this school is great!
The school is very rundown with very few oppurtunity for young incoming freshman. Although it is a great school if you are looking to attend for a year or so to knock of Gen Ed's as the school does not offer much of a challenge.
Great school and awesome professors. Can be quite expensive and the classes are sometimes way too easy!
One of the preferred HBCU's in NC.
The area around campus is pretty run down.
I am from Lillington and I picked this University based on  tuition and location. I actually love the campus and love the staff. There are quite a few eating areas and many clubs as well as a common room. I actually am surprised by how much I love this campus and the courses.
veterans are very well respected!
This school sucks overall. I'm a transfer student and I'm very unimpressed with the school. I have a 3.6 GPA and I haven't been offered any scholarships by the school the whole time I've been here (going on 3 years). I also got accepted at UNC Charlotte with scholarships, but I wanted to stay closer to home. I won't be returning for Grad school.
