The university is ok overall. The enrollment services and the financial aid aspect is another story, it's hit or miss. Some counselors are very nice and informative and others seem a little inept for the position and have bad attitudes. Spoke with Mr. Grant recently and he was very unprofessional.
Over all good
Awesome School. One of the best HBCU around.
I am Legacy , my mother went to FSU. It is really what you make it. I am very involved in my campus and I will say I have had my ups and down, but who hasn't. TBH its what you make of it. I have learned a lot from the pro and cons. FSU police can do better with safety. Like a lot BETTER!!!
An okay school. The professors can either be incredible or completely incompetent. Everything is taught from quizlet though so it's easy to get passing grades. Depending on your classmates, you may actually learn something from your courses.
The staff and the faculty are uncaring. The university is off the murc, not much needs to be said bout location just look up the crime rate its the worst area in Fayetteville
first night i moved in roaches were in bed. ever since then ive hated it
FSU isnt horrible but a lot of areas need work. Career services is sometimes helpful but they definitely need improvements. The counseling center is a joke, Id recommend off campus for services. Physical health services is good here. Dining is mostly good. Financial aid is a joke. Classes are mostly great.
Fayetteville State University has been the worst collegiate experience I have ever had! The financial aid department is terrible, and everyone in the building has an attitude. Steer clear of the political science program. There are some amazing professors, but others are incompetent. They recycle faculty instead of hiring fresh professors, also.
The professors really care about the students . Cafeteria staff is rude .
A university on its last legs is the only way to sum it up... Boasts HBCU Pride but uses HBCU as an excuse at the same time.. Dorms with mold, Aramark Prison food, VERY violent location of campus off Murchison rd. (food delivery not possible to dorms due to drivers being robbed) Handicap parking is non existent, Instructors are 50/50 good and bad..
Treat student leaders like royalty, rest of the students are nothing in their eyes.
Fayetteville State University is a small school. Doesnt feel too much like an HBCU
Professors and advisors dont respond to emails or calls. Most of the employees seem bothered doing anything outside of their day to day. Advisors come of as recruiters more than anything (well in the business department anyways) everyone is an entrepreneur. As a military student I will continue to go it's cheap and I get paid too. Disappointed!
I have loved my experience at FSU so far, no complaints
Where the campus is located is a dangerous area. I get phone calls, emails, text alerts at least 2-3 times a month of someone getting stabbed, shot, a body found, or mugged. So because of this no one wants to take night classes and the morning classes are packed. This school is more re-active, not pro-active. Good luck.
Despite the crime surrounding the campus, rarely does it ever affect anything going on during school hours. As far as reputation - this University has a great one! Academically, they have a LOT going on. The sciences are brimming with tons of great professors and quality opportunities. Look deeper than just the location, or you could miss out!
I'm not really here for the social side of things though, from what I've seen, the social side is a little blasé. They have had a couple issues with gun violence in and around campus but this is only a problem if you live there because the incidents have happened at night. Overall not the best but it's not terrible either.
The traditional and non-traditional students great institution for learning. So bring your talents to FSU and increase the value.
