War Damn
War Eagle!
I LOVE Auburn and couldn't see myself going anywhere else.  I'm getting my undergrad in the fall, and I am starting my Master's in the Spring!  I never want to leave!
it's awesome.period
war eagle, this is the best school in the entire world and it is nothing short of a blessing to be a part of the auburn family
WDE!
It's just amazing! Education, Campus Life, and everything else. If you want an example of just how great is then type "AU Flashmob" in youtube :)
WAR DAMN EAGLE!
War Eagle!! :]
I absolutely love Auburn except for the lack of options concerning on campus dining and the difficulty in getting the classes you need.
The campus is beautiful! I don't think I've ever seen a more well kept university.
The best school in the state of Alabama!!!
I love Auburn. It's full of all sorts of awesome traditions, and the whole "War Eagle" thing - the one that has all the goofy commercials during football season - really does happen. It's really cool knowing that you'll hear it often, if you're brave enough to say it.
It's the best choice you'll ever make.
Get involved!
just visit if you don't know much about it!!
War Eagle!
Very friendly, good football, small town feel with everything you possibly could need nearby.
Auburn University is an incredible institution. On the Loveliest Village on the Plains you are more than just an ID number or tuition money, you are a member of the Auburn family.
WAR EAGLE!!!
WAR EAGLE
Auburn is the best school you can go to in my opinion. Based on what some of my friends say about their schools, we definitely have advantages. I think Auburn is a highly well-rounded school, with success in academics, the arts, and athletics. And there are many ways to get involved! Nothing compared to being apart of the Auburn family! War Eagle!
Auburn is amazing. Simply amazing. You have to be here to experience it. Everyone here is a part of one big family. The Auburn Family is something that cannot be found on any other campus.
One of the best maintained campuses with some of the friendliest people you will ever meet.
THAT ITS AWESOME!
One of a kind school and a true college atmosphere! War Eagle!
I've been here one semester and it's better than I could have ever imagined. War Eagle.
I love this school!!
Auburn University is a great university. AU is highly recommended to you!
AUBURN IS AWESOME ;)
I believe in Auburn and LOVE it!!!
AMAZING!!
I received both my Bachelor's and Master's Degree from Auburn. I had a excellent experience with kind faculty and staff (for the most part). I truly felt like part of something more than a school or campus. I now have a great job and have realized I learned just as much about life outside the classroom as I did about my major inside the classroom.
Parking is definitely a problem so get there extra early or you will never find a parking spot
AU offers a much better education than I assumed. It was my back-up/in-state choice. AU's science, math, engineering, and psychology departments are of really excellent quality. The Liberal Arts College is also amazing, and it has the highest number of enrollments of all the colleges.
Best school in the south! WAR EAGLE
I transfered from UAB and there is never a day I regret my decision. I transfered for things that I'm no longer involved/interested in, but I still am so glad that I made the move! The Auburn spirit is unmatched and it's so great to be a part of the Auburn family. I believe in Auburn and I love it!
Great academics, great atmosphere, great campus...only downsides are frustrating dining hours and lack of parking. But other than that, Auburn is golden :) I believe in Auburn and love it!!
Once you visit, you will fall in love with it, it never fails!
Great atmosphere, great instructors, great experience...
I would never attend any other school.  It feels like home every time I walk on to campus.  No complaints, except that parking sucks.  Just walk or bike everywhere.  :)  War Eagle!
Auburn is a safe, inviting campus.  I have felt very comfortable at Auburn and could not be happier to be a Tiger. War Eagle.
wouldnt have gone anywhere else
WAR EAGLE!
College of Liberal arts is lacking.  All of the teachers are rather boring and teach by the text book only; nothing interesting.  As far as the quality of education you actually receive, Auburn is rather lackluster. But, in terms of reputation and money spent on the campus and everything else NOT related to learning, Auburn is top notch.
"the loveliest village on the plains" is an understatement.  It always looks fresh, clean, and new, yet cozy at the same time. everyone is nice and welcoming.  At night, there is always something to do and campus security is pretty laid back about partying. I believe in auburn and love it!
BEST COLLEGE EVER!
WDE
meh.
Auburn is like a big family. Everyone here is very nice and we are very passionate about getting a great education. The football games are a blast, as well as every other athletic event here. This school is a lot of fun, but Auburn holds high standards on making sure that getting the best education possible is the highest priority.
Auburn can make you feel like you're on a larger campus because of scale, but the class sizes remain reasonable and you're not just a face in the crowd. When they say: "You're now a part of the Auburn family." at Freshman Commencement, they mean it. "War Eagle" is a greeting you'll hear for the rest of your life. Great university.
Auburn University is referred to as the pretty place on the plains for a reason. The students and falculty are beyond nice and always wanting to help out a fellow tiger and/or guest. The education that Auburn is providing is great and all of the amenities of the school are easy to access. I absolutely love it. War Eagle!
WAR EAGLE!!
Chose AU over Florida, UA, UGA, UT-Knoxville, Ga Tech, and RPI in NY. Beyond Amazing. I dont live on campus, but I can ride a AU bus to get there. the only things that bother me is the hell on campus during football season and amount of walking during the summer. Its easily 100 degrees. Stay Hydrated!
I think I would have been better off choosing any other Veterinary School. Did not think I got my money's worth. Disappointing experience all around. During Clinics, I felt like I was used rather than taught and mentored. I would not recommend this Vet School to anyone. Ever.
This is the rating for you college
I LOVE Auburn.  It's a big university in a small town, almost everyone that I've met has been nice.  I'm not into partying, and even though plenty of that happens I've never felt looked down upon or pressured to party. Beautiful campus, alot of activites, and great professors!
It's hard but it's worth the effort and there is plenty of free resources that will help you out in all areas of study.
Beautiful School. Feels like home.
Best atmosphere of any school out there and allows you to get a great education.
Beautiful campus!
Fantastic campus in efvery way.
I could not be happier with my choice to come to Auburn University! It is a great school, some of the teachers are difficult, but then again thats how it is most places. The campus is BEAUTIFUL and there are so many options for majors, social activities, etc. It's awesome!
I love everything about AUburn!
Lot of great new buildIngs on campus, including awesome student center!!!
WAR DAMN EAGLE. I believe in Auburn and LOVE it!
Best school in America, everyone here is so nice and the school is so advanced in technology.
War Eagle! Only thing I can rate lower than perfect is the internet speed.
WAR EAGLE!!! Great School. Proud to be an Alum!
Auburn is one of the greatest schools in the country! The campus is beautiful, people are friendly, and it is the perfect size! War eagle!!
Fantastic place for learning
I believe in Auburn and Love it
I believe in Auburn and I LOVE IT!
WAR EAGLE!!!
Auburn is the best- the people are friendly, the town is buce, campus is beautiful, and you get a really good education!
War Damn Eagle
I have been here for one semester and I can easily say Auburn is now my home. I come from out of state and worried about finding my place but there are so many opportunities! Greek life is great as always in the south but not a must. People don't go out every night b/c everyone knows school comes first, but they still happen if you wanna go. WDE
Awesome!!!
I love auburn!!!
Attending Auburn was probably the hardest but best decision I have ever made. If you get denied the first time around, just finish your semester strong and work hard because in the end it will be well worth it!
I couldn't be happier with my decision to attend Auburn University. It is very hard, but very rewarding.
Loveliest little village on the Plains.
Auburn is an excellent school and I will proudly represent it as an alumni
wareagle
The campus is absolutely beautiful. The overall atmosphere is very nice and welcoming. War Eagle! Come visit Auburn and it's hard not to fall in love.
I have never been happier. It really is the loveliest village on the plains!
The most beautiful school I have ever seen in my life. The quality of the education is phenomenal and I can't think of a better university to attend. The food is outstanding, the campus is clean, and the people are extremely friendly. One thing that put Auburn above all others for me is tradition. The historic traditions make this place amazing!
the most beautiful campus ever. :) Parking and the internet are the only bad things I have found. Both are not horrible, but could be improved. Very friendly people. War Eagle!!
Beautiful campus in the Deep South. Auburn is home and it will always be.
Great
Couldn't be happier with my choice to attend Auburn. Beautiful campus filled with friendly people. It feels like home.
Auburn is an amazing school.
Yes
Auburn has wonderful teachers, perfect students and excellent resources.
I would not trade my time at Auburn for anything! The campus is gorgeous! The teachers are eager  to help you and the people are extremely friendly. I love this place... WAR EAGLE!
Great school where you can really feel at home. Wide array of majors unlike some other schools I thought about going to, which is nice because you get to interact with tons of different types of people. Teachers tend to want students to succeed and usually offer out of class help. War Eagle!
Beautiful campus, friendly people, helpful professors (for the most part), wonderful atmosphere and strong tradition. There is nothing like walking on campus with an Auburn orange and blue sunset to end your day. If I was making my decision again I wouldn't do it any differently.
Once you visit this school you will definitely fall in love with the atmosphere, cleanliness, friendly faces, hard work but big payoff in job placement. The name Auburn University says something. It means something. When people see the name they know you are a hard-working and persistent individual because that's what it takes to succeed here.
Awesome
I absolutely love this school. Great people, great atmosphere, and great tradition. War Eagle!!!
Great school! Easy access off of the Highway and good location. The atmosphere is great and the food on campus is nothing like other schools. You will enjoy your experiences here from football games to awesome teachers, this school is well rounded. War Eagle!
War Eagle
Auburn has given me an excellent foundation for graduate school.  There is a pretty good party scene if that's your thing, and even though our football team sucked last year, SEC football is always great.
Auburn has a wonderful campus and a great faculty that cares about your success. It is not always easy but with work you can make anything out of yourself. WAR EAGLE!!
Auburn is a beautiful campus and most of the students are nice. The only thing they are bad at is spending money that doesnt involve the football team...
A large prestigious national university in a small, safe town. It also has one of the best Business, Engineering, Pharmacy and Vet schools in the nation. Students act mature and the atmosphere seems more professional than most others. The professors are outstanding and truly care about your learning while here. Medical School is opening in 2014.
love this school! war eagle!
I love this University.
Great school overall but steadily increasing tuition!
Auburn's campus has improved aesthetically in the last 2 years. Other than minimal parking availability, I have no complaints. (Starbucks should be open 24/7 though)
It is an excellent school!
War Eagle!
YOU WILL NEVER WANT TO LEAVE!
Auburn is a very family oriented school everyone is super friendly
Great people, great campus, great school! The best decision I've made!
Great
Everything is spaced out so be prepared to walk. Parking is absolutely horrible. They raised the prices for parking passes by over $100.
Best school ever! In every way! Academics, Social life, sports, clubs. You name it, Auburn has it and it is truly an honor to go there. You really will feel like you have a new family.
war eagle!
Parking is difficult and frustrating, but that's seriously the worst part about campus
AUsome.
Beautiful campus with a great faculty.
Auburn is a great university that has a great variety of majors.
I love this school!!!
Would recommend to anyone!!! Gorgeous campus, friendliest people, lots of opportunities. War Eagle!
Auburn is a wonderful school, the environment is what keeps you going day to day! WAR EAGLE
WAR EAGLE!
good school
Awesome place to live and learn!
in love with this school
Love my school. Waaaar Eagle!
It's clean and beautiful. A very college town atmosphere (has stuff to do around it, but not located in a big city). Everyone is friendly and will make you want to be a better person.
Auburn is definitely a harder school but it's well worth it. I absolutely love everything about this place.
It's a great place to be if you want to feel like a part of a family, while getting a top notch education.
Best school. War Eagle!
War Eagle. Everyone really does love everyone!
Decent school and you will get a good education but a lot of the students who attend are more interested in the next sorority social than academics. Huge emphasis on "family" but its more talk than walk...3/5
Auburn is very involved with their students, but it is a two way street so you need to get involved as well. Getting involved is very beneficial and you never know who you're going to meet.
Can't get better than Auburn University. Growing, beautiful town, amazing people, incredible atmosphere, just a wonderful place.
Best School Hands Down!!!! War Damn Eagle!!!!
I am proud of being a student here in AU. Great professors and many good freinds..War Eagle!
Fantastic school. I have had no problems whatsoever. I transferred from a school in south Alabama, which was terrible. Here, everyone is engaged in the university. Whether faculty, staff, or student, everyone here seems to be proud to be an Auburn Tiger. Oh yea, WAR EAGLE!
War Eagle! I was unsure about the quality of education I would be getting if I went to a "traditional state-school" but Auburn goes above and beyond my expectations. The classes are engaging and challenging, and the majority of teachers are interested in the success of their students and are more than willing to help their students.
Beautiful campus, high quality education, fun place to be, on the top 15 List of hardest schools to get an A at. But with class planing and rate my professor  you can do it. Lots of student amenities, including a very large student center and student health and wellness center (gym). Dinning plans are mandatory and limited to on campus only.
great college and beautiful campus.  Friendliest of all the campuses anywhere. Great spirit and family atmosphere!
Best school I could've chosen! I love it!
Awesome.
Excellent university in all categories
Consistently a top school in engineering, fisheries, interior design and more!
War damn Eagle! I love my university.
Traditions and school spirt are what define this school. It feels like everybody knows everyone.
Best school1
Auburn is hands down the best school in the country.  It is truly a college town, and that is what makes it great. War Eagle!
War Eagle!
literally perfect
I did not want to come to Auburn because I wanted to leave the Auburn-Alabama all year long feud. I came here because I received a full scholarship and after completing freshman year I am so glad I came. The campus is beautiful and Auburn and Opelika have that hometown feel. I love the traditions and the Auburn spirit is alive all year.
Auburn is GREAT! I love it so far. It is a beautiful campus and people really take pride in the school.  I wouldn't choose to go anywhere else.
Best experience of my life
War Eagle
It really is a  family.
Great school and education. My only issue is with the unreliable wifi in crowded locations (e.g. student center) and dining venues. The fact that the university doesn't have a cafeteria is bizarre and unhealthy for the students.
LOVE MY SCHOOL!!
GREAT GREAT GREAT SCHOOL. WAR EAGLE!
It is an amazing school. It has plenty to offer for all majors. Hands down the best school I've ever been to.
Love my new home
This school was the best choice I've made, choose Auburn you won't regret it.
One big happy family
No where else I would rather be! Auburn is a world-class university with a high academic standard and close-knit community atmosphere. Love my new home! War Eagle!
Enrollment is a little over 20k. Campus is gorgeous, football is king here. This is an upper end research university, expect to work long and hard for a decent grade. The professors are here because the university pays for their research so that is what they do, GTAs teach most classes so be prepared for tons of self-study.
Auburn is the best choice I've made in my life.
It has it's pros and cons but overall it's an amazing experience.
Bad school.
Amazing Engineering school and I think there are a few other good programs here too. The social life is one of the best in the country.  Football season is unlike anything you've ever experience, especially the Iron Bowl which is the greatest rivalry in college football. Very Greek school so I would recommend rushing; boring if  you don't.
would not trade it for any other school
The problem students will find with coming to Auburn is that they aren't ready to work. You're here to learn, and to do that you have to study and try. This isn't a community college, or high school. The teachers are helpful and great. It's a great school that will prepare you for a great future. You just have to work for it.
Everyone you meet on campus will make you immediately feel like family.
Love Auburn University. War Eagle
Can't go wrong attending here.
Auburn is a beautiful school with an amazing campus and atmosphire however this class are distinguished as some of the hardest  in the country to get As in. That being said use rate my professor hunker down and study and you can do it. The school is definitally the best in the state.
I enjoy the atmosphere of campus. I also enjoy all the services that help with any type of school problem as in writing studying etc.
I LOVE AUBURN WARRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRRR EAGLE , HEY
I love Auburn with all my heart But being a city girl in a tiny town is sometimes hard.
War Eagle It truly is the loveliest Village on the plains.
War Eagle! Nowhere else like Auburn on the planet.
Auburn is definitely home away from home.
This school is beautiful. Strong academics and amazing athletics! Not much more you could ask for from a school.
love it here
Auburn is one of the best choices I have ever made. There's really nothing here not to like. The campus is gorgeous and the people are friendly. And of course, there is nothing in the world like gameday in Auburn, AL! There could be more dining options but overall still very satisfactory. Some classes can be quite challenging- go to class!
Best school in the south!
It is wonderful here and I absolutely love it!
It is the prettiest, nicest, and most down to earth campus in the south. Also very smart, and hard to get into. I love that I can come here and feel safe and at home. This truly is my home away from home and I don't want to leave anytime soon. I love everything about Auburn. I did not rush a sorority and still have plenty of friends on the campus!!
Best place to spend 4+ on your parents money.
Not worth the money lots better schools in the area that are cheaper and have faculty that care.
Love it
Warrr eagggleee!
No words can truly describe how beautiful this campus and town is. There is literally nothing else out there that can top Auburn and the family that is everyone connected there. It would be 100% perfect if they could just get the campus Wi-Fi to be consistent, but that issue is easy to overlook with everything else that the school has going for it.
Auburn lives up to the title of  the loveliest village on the plains. I absolutely love everything about this school and campus!
beAUtiful
the whole food plan is terrible.
love the campus, love the people, love the spirit. I believe in auburn and love it! WAR EAGLE!
Auburn feels like home. It's a wonderful place.
Auburn is a home away from home, everyone is welcome here.
I could not imagine going anywhere else. This is THE Auburn family.
I LOVE IT
Auburn is a wonderful campus full of friendly people and endless opportunities!
Such a beautiful campus filled with friendly faces. There is nothing better than becoming a part of the Auburn Family. I said "It's great to be an Auburn Tiger!" War Eagle!
It's great!!
I didn't believe all the hype about Auburn until I actually came here and started living it. Academically, Auburn is challenging and you have to work. But I'm getting the real cookie cutter college experience. SEC football, Greek life, and a beautiful campus. Everyone is truly so friendly and genuine. The Auburn Family is real. War Eagle!
Most beautiful campus in the nation with the nicest people. Auburn is seriously like a family. Not many bar or club options, but they're always packed and theres lots of fraternity parties. Tons of great on-campus food options and tons of great places to study. It's very tough academically but that's why jobs after college are guaranteed. FOOTBALL.
THIS IS THE MOST WONDERFUL PLACE IN THE WORLD! War Eagle!!
Auburn is the best school ever. I'm from out of state and have never felt like an outsider here. There's always something going on, especially during football season. War Eagle!
This campus is abosultely horrible! It's an eyesore, extremely difficult to get around and completely disorganized. It's in the middle of nowhere, and hours away from any place relevant.  Also I have had an extremely difficult time with advisors, professors, and the administration. This is a horrible school and I'm transferring somewhere else.
This is a home away from home! The best place to go!
I absolutely love my school and miss it terribly when I have to go home. The classes are pretty hard and you have to work for the grade you want but I just love how everyone is friendly and the campus is so beautiful. Football is my favorite season and the campus just comes alive on Saturdays. Wouldn't trade my time here for the world.
Honestly, I came to Auburn because it was what was the most convenient. The town itself sucks because there's literally nothing to do other than go to the movies. I'm a history major, and the course selection is painfully basic. The crappy course selection is a campus wide phenomenon. If you care about football Auburn is great, but otherwise...
I can't tell you how many times I walk through campus and smile because I can't believe how beautiful it is here and what a great opportunity I have.  Auburn University isn't perfect and I could complain about some things, but why?  I'm getting a first-class education in a beautiful town.  War Eagle!
LOVE AUBURN
I believe in Auburn and LOVE it!
I'm from Auburn. Lovehate AU but i respect AU so much because I have learned so many things from just being a student.
The people are nice but they're all the same. Very little diversity, especially coming from a city out-of-state. Education is solid, classes aren't hard, except for major requirements.   But there's nothing to do here. Football ruins this town, which is otherwise quaint and pleasant, in the fall.
Its a little too obsessed with the Greek system, but otherwise it's the best school ever. I couldn't imagine being anywhere else. WAR EAGLE!
This place is amazing. I love being able to walk across campus. Auburn is big and small at the same time.
Auburn University is an incredible place to be. The atmosphere is homey and the campus is as beautiful as the people who walk it. My only real complaint after being here for 3 years is the parking. Parking Services suck.
Love it!
The best.
I LOVE this place. Auburn could not be any more wonderful. Becoming a part of the Auburn family is the greatest decision I have ever made, and I never want to leave. The education I am receiving is outstanding, and the atmosphere here is just special. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else. War Eagle!
Fantastic School
No 5 hardest university to make an A  in the country! Views are extremely Liberal left. Death by power point, never time for class discussion. Not enough locations for  the 26k students to study. Library is huge but nasty and crowded. Athlete facilities continually updated while most of us are remiss to antique facilities. Big name diploma is it...
I believe in Auburn, and love it.
This school is full of tradition, so campus life is very homey. Lots of food options, but can get old quickly if you live on campus. Parking on campus is awful, but Tiger Transit goes all around Auburn. Plenty of chances to get involved if you're willing. The best decision I've ever made was deciding to come to Auburn.
Amazing people at AU, not just football
War eagle. You'll work hard but you'll have a blast doing it!
War Eagle, y'all. The best little village on the plains never disappoints. I wouldn't want to spend my college years anywhere else.
sweg
never want to leave
Once you come you don't want to leave
I believe in Auburn and LOVE IT.
Great atmosphere.
I'm a 2nd bachelor's student, so I can't speak much to the night life, of club scene but I've really enjoyed my time at Auburn! The town itself is quaint, and easy-going. The War Eagle family are a good group of folks, and they'll welcome you with open arms.
It hard but it's worth it. I mean it's like extremely hard, you have to put in what you want out. WAREAGLE
I love Auburn! Best decision I have ever made!
I believe in Auburn, and love it.  Wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
Nice campus
Absolutely love it here! I have gone to 3 colleges, and this one is the best. The University puts off a family vibe, and I feel like an Auburn man or woman is one of class.
I love it. Visited nine other SEC schools before I chose Auburn and I am reminded daily that I made the right decision.
I believe in Auburn and Love It. Read the auburn creed, it will show you what auburn is all about
Everything honestly sucks.  I dropped out and went to jeff state.
I fell in love with this school immediately! The environment is friendly, and the staff really wants you as a student to succeed.
Love it!!
It is a beautiful campus filled with beautiful people. Everyone is nice, and I have never regretted my choice to come here.
