auburn is the greatest
war eagle, auburn rocks
Auburn is the best place in the world and I'm sad I only get to spend 4 years here. Auburn family, that's what defines this school. It's a big SEC school that feels small, and with top notch educators and academic programs, I don't see why anyone would go anywhere else.
Auburn is simply great. If you put in the effort and put yourself out there, you will for sure make friends for life. I've learned so much about myself as a person, and for that I will always be thankful. WAR EAGLE
I am soon to be an Auburn Alumni and can't imagine going to any other school. The past 4 years have given me the education to go out into the world & confidently strive for success, life-long friendships, great memories & lots of love.
I love Auburn, they have some really neat programs and opportunities but you have to seek them out and the university isn't quite as respected as others. VERY Southern atmosphere, a bit of a culture shock if you're from somewhere else. beautiful campus.
Auburn's campus is beautiful for what it is. but after being here two years the brick and concrete jungle gets old. The food is good, but when you have to spend a minimum of $300 a semester on campus dining it gets old. If you live on campus or close enough to walk it is very convenient, but living off campus makes it difficult to get around.
its just a very clean campus
best school ever.
I've been coming to Auburn regularly since I was only a few years old. I thought I knew the town, and already loved it. I moved up here in fall of 2014 and started classes, and it is unbelievable how friendly everyone is! The small-town feel is unbeatable. Strongly recommended, unless you disagree with conservatives. We're pretty darn Conservative.
This is a great school with tons of great professors. It is a generally conservative student body, but we aren't a "conservative school." I have had many "liberal-minded" professors and we have a Secular Student Alliance and a Gay-Straight Alliance, along with a Cosplay club!! I appreciate the diversity our school has for being in Alabama.
Our wifi works... sometimes.
The people here are going to change the world. The atmosphere here is something that cannot be faked and better than the University probably ever hoped. The opportunities and people willing to help you succeed, in more ways than academic, are abounding. I believe in Auburn and love it.
Best place in the world!
Auburn has the prettiest campus, a wide variety of majors, and a great school spirit.
Very conservative student body, great campus, very Greek-oriented, dope library, located a couple hours from both Birmingham and Atlanta.
The atmosphere here is unreal. There's so much spirit and pride. It's really a great place to spend 4 years. The campus is gorgeous and so are the people. Most people here are super friendly. Plenty of great places to eat on and off campus and a club for just about everything imaginable. The brand new rec is the place to be 7 days a week
1010 would recommend
The few people here who are truly unhappy are the type of people who would be miserable anywhere they went whether it was the community college down the road or Stanford. Like anything else, it is what you make of it. If you put in a the effort, you'll have the time of your life and get a great education. But parking services really does suck.
Fantastic college all around! I've grown up an Auburn tiger my whole life. There's no place that I'd rather be.
Great school all around. I am from the north and super far away, but this school was immediately home away from home. The campus and everyone here is super welcoming and immediate family
As an in-state student, I was determined not to go here; however, I'm glad I came around at the last minute because I couldn't be happier. As long as you're fine with just getting hammered on the weekends when football season ends, you'll have a good time. More diverse than you might initially expect, which was a pleasant surprise.
Auburn is a typical college, just with above average food, campus environment, and a few other things. The SGA and plainsmenwar eagle girls are the happy ideal AU student, however, the majority of students feel like they don't quite stack up and fit the Auburn mold. Its not bad, just lower your expectations a tad.
War Eagle! I love it here in Auburn!
War Damn Eagle. Great university, great professors, great everything.
Walking around Auburn's campus when it is warm and sunny just makes you feel happy to be alive.  If you put forth effort and take advantage to the hundreds of opportunities available, you will leave feeling like you have gained knowledge and experience that makes you an intelligent citizen of the world, ready to take on and achieve your dreams.
I grew up in Auburn and going to the university has been a really great opportunity, I love it.
Love the campus and the businesses around it. Sports are huge and very fun to be around. Academics are very important here and the student a very friendly for the most part and care about their work
Auburn is a great school with a very good reputation, especially engineering. Location is perfect for what it is. You won't feel frustrated with just going across town because of traffic like you may in bigger cities, which is a plus for me. It's also within reasonable distance to plenty of places with appeal for various reasons (beach, ATL, etc.)
Great school!
Auburn is the greatest campus in the world. There is absolutely no way to be unhappy here. If I had to choose a college again, I would choose Auburn every time.
As a veteran I couldn't be more happy about being at Auburn. They made my transition very easy. If you are  veteran I HIGHLY suggest attending Auburn.
Best place ever
WAR EAGLE. Best campus. Love it here.
WAR EAGLE!!! I believe in AU and love it!
Best place ever!
Choosing Auburn was the best decision of my life!
Wouldn't ever want to be anywhere else!
The education here is great. The campus is for the most part beautiful. Parking totally sucks. The transit system sucks. If you're not a drinker bring a lot of books and movies because there is NOTHING to do in Auburn but drink or go to church. Speaking of church, if you're not overly christian you might not make a lot of friends. Lame.
Great Campus, Great people. The only downside is the college town is small.
Nothing is better than football season. Try not to take as many hours during the fall for that very reason, or take an elective or two during the fall.
Auburn is by far the best university in the South. Not only does campus give you a feeling of home, but there are many ways to get involved and find a group of friends that'll be by your side throughout your college career. I couldn't see myself anywhere else but Auburn. I believe in Auburn and love it. War Eagle!
Great campus and social  life. Love being here.
Love this school
Life in auburn is good
Auburn has a beautiful campus with some of the nicest people I've ever met. There's truly a place for everyone. It has a welcoming environment. People really look out for you. We truly are one big Auburn Family.
Great University! Great Learning Environment!
Best school ever you're missing out if you don't go here
I love love loveeeeeee Auburn! Most everyone is nice and friendly and it's so easy to make friends unless you stay in your room 24/7. Game day traffic is a nightmare during football though so be where you want to be before it gets bad
Great school, great people.
Auburn is so awesome. You don't have to be in a sorority or frat to make friends. Most people are pretty accepting. There's a million different sorts of restaurants, there's a great movie theatre, and the best part is Chewacla and it's beautiful waterfalls. Gameday is an experience like no other, and only reinforces the idea of the"Auburn Family."
The education is great, the rest of it leaves somethings to be desired...
I believe in Auburn and love it!!!!!
I love it here!! So happy I decided on Auburn.
Auburn was my top choice and I absolutely love it here! Food isn't cheap, but options are endless and delicious. LOVE the rec! Not an easy university, but there are so many options to help like study groups, office hours, and and the writing center. It's gorgeous here all times of the year. I BELIVE IN AUBURN AND LOVE IT!
I believe in Auburn and LOVE it! It wasn't my first choice school, but after been here for 4 semesters, I wouldn't go anywhere else!
I Believe In Auburn And Love It. War Eagle. This is truly the best place on earth.
Two favorite lines from our Creed: "I Believe in Work, Hard Work." Why? Because it couldn't be more true. The work here is tough, but beyond worthwhile. You aren't going to get an easy degree here, you'll come out from this school smarter and more experienced than you could imagine. "I Believe in Auburn and Love It." pretty self-explanatory...
Auburn provides top-quality education, and opportunities to get the most out of that education are everywhere. You can really tell Auburn cares about its students.
Auburn is a great campus with a family like setting. The school has a good reputation because it isn't your typical "easy A" state school. The university isn't dominated by greek life but it is present. Major downfall is how Auburn encourages you to get get involved on campus, and has many organizations, but doesn't accept half the people who apply
Auburn is a perfect home away from home. Great college town but large campus
Be ready to work your tail off but so worth every minute
Auburn is awesome. Beautiful campus, friendly people, and it's just so easy to feel comfortable here. Make sure to use the library, Rec center, and Chewacla park very extensively. Also, the education is just insane for a state college. Based on how tough it is to get an A it should be at least twice as selective. At least it's a great education!
Only thing that needs improvement is the on campus food locations.
Every day I still can't believe that I go to such a beautiful school. WDE!!
Best school in the world!!! Wouldn't wanna be anywhere else! :) WDE
Home!
There's no way that you can't NOT succeed at Auburn. Here's a tip: get on AUinvolve to join clubs!
Great place to learn. The town is lacking things to do besides drink, but it's getting better.
War Eagle! War Eagle!
You can't beat Auburn. WDE
I am in love with this school.
Auburn is my home!!
It's a lovely place.  Lots of hills, but it's nice.  And there are many different ways you can make friends.
Auburn is the best! Feels JUST like home--but better! War Eagle!
Love it here! Both my parents went to Bama, so when I chose AU, it was a bit of a shock. After a couple months into my first semester, my parents realized for certain that this was the school for me. I am truly happy. It's extremely difficult to get a 4.0, but I am experiencing so much more that doesn't revolve around GPA. Auburn really is family.
Auburn is a great school, and the surrounding town gives off the perfect college town feel. It's a rather large SEC school but you do feel like you are apart of a smaller, more close knit community. Football season is great, everyone can find their place and the people are great. War Eagle!
Auburn is a great campus. I came from across the country and was worried that I would get homesick. The people here are so welcoming and have truly shaped my college experience. It honestly is an ideal college for someone who is into sports, loves school spirit and a good community, and doesn't mind having to work for their grades.
War Eagle! GO tigers
Auburn is the perfect place to have your college experience
I'm from Illinois but I feel like I'm at home at Auburn. Everyone is so nice here and the campus is beautiful. The school spirit is unreal.
Love it here! War Eagle!
I knew I would love attending Auburn, being an Auburn fan, but I never knew I would love it like I do now.
Best School on earth
I came down here for a specific program and promptly fell in love with this place.
great campus and great people
Auburn is perfect.  Being in the south has been a great college experience, and I love the family atmosphere here.  This is a great college with opportunities in research, lots of clubs and involvement opportunities both on and off campus, and a lively social scene. The only downside is that Auburn is a small town, but Atlanta is only a 2hr. drive.
I really love it here. I've met some awesome people. There's so much opportunity socially and academically. thumbs up!
Great city
Absolutely beautiful.
The moment I stepped on campus, it felt like home. I wouldn't mind raising a family here.
Greatest place ever!
Great school for experience. Academics are way harder than they have to be, making it so hard to get a high GPA for graduate school
I couldn't imagine going anywhere else. I grew up an Auburn fan so its like a second home to me.
You're not going to find a better campus. The student body can appear a bit boring at first, but you'll find your people eventually!
I love Auburn. Honestly, it is a little harder than I expected but I absolutely love being a member of the Auburn Family. WDE.
Could not have picked a better school to come to! Such a great place and community. For anyone considering it, just do it!
Auburn is a really big campus (to me personally), and at first it will be a little overwhelming, but there are so many different activities and kinds of people that are willing to reach out to you and offer support. I'd definitely recommend if you're going into a design major, because we offer the best.
Best school in the SEC
Auburn is absolutely amazing!
Auburn is the best University in the nation
I love Auburn!
Auburn simply cannot be beat. The school and the community are second to none.
Auburn is a great place if you love that small town feel like I do. The academics are great and the nightlife on Friday and Saturday are the best. Everyone knows each other and it really feels like home
i love auburn
WOW. Auburn exceeded all expectations about college. There is truly a fit for everyone. Auburn is absolutely stunning and the school side of things is actually fun.
Auburn was not my first choice as a school, but after a year I have grown to love this place both as a school and as a place to socialize and grow. But, the Physics department is bad here.
Auburn is seriously my home. It continues to prove itself as the best choice!
Cool place
The GOAT of university's
Auburn is by far the best campus in Alabama.
Auburn is a great school!
You get out of it what you put into it. Involvement is super important here and everyone is apart of at least one organization. The campus is beautiful but the town can get boring over time. So the more involved you become the more you'll have to do.
An awesome school that helps you grow so much as not only a student, but an individual.
This university is amazing and the personal help you get in even large classes. The campus is beautiful and the social aspect and involvement on campus is one of the most attractive things about this place to me.
Campus is very pretty
Honestly, Auburn is a very cookie-cutter environment. A majority of the people here are going to speak, dress, and act very similarly. Diversity and individuality is  something difficult to find. Most people succumb to greek life in order to quickly find friends and acceptance, so there's a heavy presence. Academics are good. Food is BAD. No caf.
Best decision you will ever make.
Auburn is the best!
I LOVE IT, best school
Everyone is happy. Classes are difficult, but Auburn teaches you how to develop a work ethic that will bring you success for years to come. So many clubs and social events every week. Beautiful campus, great location and football :)
Best school in Alabama. Beautiful campus with amazing weather, kind people, and strong traditions. Everyone here is family. There is very low theft, healthy and yummy dining options, easy/free bike rental or shuttles, SI review sessions and so much more. I believe in Auburn and love it.
Auburn is such an amazing school and I am so lucky to be here! War eagle
Living on campus you have the chance to be more involved and have a better idea of what is happening on campus
always something to do
Love this place. The campus is gorgeous and the people are accepting of everyone. The only reason that people don't like Auburn is because they didn't try to find people to fit in with. 10/10 would recommend
For a small town in Alabama, you can't beat Auburn. The University is one of the best int the state. It is very traditional so if you are going to need lots of night/weekend options or online courses this probably is not for you. I am a non-traditional student so I am not really involved much on campus but I see a lot of options for youngsters.
I believe in Auburn, and love it!
People complain about classes but I have not struggled at all. If you're not Greek or into "charity" in the form of handing out flyers it can be hard to join stuff, but if you look hard you can. Facilities aren't great and food SUCKS-restaurants get old, aren't well-run, and everything is closed on weekends. I'm bored every day...
I love Auburn! The small town is great for restaurants and bars. There are not a lot of options for food on campus but the food is good. The buildings are a mix of old and new, but they are all well maintained. Lots of clubs and Greek life. It is in the middle of nowhere in Alabama but not far from Atlanta. And of course football. War Eagle!!
Beautiful campus. Bar scene gets kind of old considering there is like 6 bars that you can go to. Feel very safe, campus is well lit at night and security is always walking around. Food is pretty good, not too expensive. The internet can be spotty at times but overall is pretty good. Great campus overall
Auburn is the best school in the state of Alabama and one of the best in the SouthEast hands down. Coming to Auburn was one of the best decisions I've ever made.
Best school/campus in the world! It truly is an Auburn Family!
Auburn is an amazing place to be. Everyone is kind, happy, and respectful. Of course you have your "Debby Downers", but the classes are simple, food is good, and there are amazing opportunities for you as a student. If you aren't completely set on Auburn, please take a tour! It's beautiful in person and you are sure to fall in love.
Academically wise, Auburn makes me want to cry.
Best school on the planet
I love it here 100%
Amazing college experience.
LOVE IT! Some building need to be remodeled and we need some healthier food options.
The only thing to hate about the place is parking services.
It's not an easy school, buy it has so many resources that will help you out in attaining your desired degree as well as starting your career.
Love Auburn. I wouldn't choose anywhere else in the world to study.
Wouldn't want to be anywhere else
If you don't like Auburn, I don't like you. Honestly though, there's a reason they call it the Loveliest Village on the Plains.
Family is everything at Auburn. The people at Auburn actually acre about how you're doing in school and will try help you the best they can for you to enjoy you're college experience
Extremely rare to find a professor that cares about you at all. Most classes are overly difficult compared to many other schools
Auburn is a fantastic school !!
I believe in Auburn and love it. Great place and even better people!
School of my dreams. so lucky to be going here. Better than Alabama, that's for sure, war eagle!
awesome!
war eagle, could not have made a better choice
Anything you want it to be.
Auburn is whet I call home.
If you know where to look, there's great food to be had on campus (not every place is great, though, so experiment). The professors are usually top-notch, the weather's usually nice enough that you don't mind people setting off the fire alarm by setting ramen on fire in a microwave, and there's lots of clubs to choose from at the get-go.
Auburn has blown me away. Every class/ teacher has taught me something useful, the campus is stunning, everyone is very friendly, the food selection is great (off and on campus) (S/O to Blue Bagel and Acre), the rec-center is awesome, and gamedays are a blast. You do not have to be in a frat or soro here! & Chewacla, Aubs state park is a gem.
War Eagle and Go Tigers
Auburn is a great well-respected school. I went to COSAM in undergrad and got my PharmD at HSOP.  Each year became progressively harder as  I continued my college career. Relatively speaking I had difficult yet fair teachers; They provided plenty of resources but would like to see even more and would love to see even more networking ties built in.
Great place to go to school
Home.
The only thing that I hate is the parking lot. There is no space for students to park near campus. You can not find a place for fun. Teachers are fair but not friendly. The grading standard is incomprehensible. There is the only grade of ABCD. They do not have a grade of B- or B+.  It is unreasonable to get a C   with a 79 percentage.
Auburn is amazing, and if you're stuck between here and somewhere else; COME TO AUBURN.
I absolutely love it here at Auburn
Auburn is without a doubt the best University in the South!  Auburn is such a great school academically and always puts its students first. To me, Auburn means family and everyone here truly cares about your well-being. The campus is absolutely beautiful and you will have the time of your life here at Auburn. WDE!
Auburn University is where I found myself.  This school is an indescribable place that gives you an indescribable feeling once you are a part of it.  Nothing has ever felt more like home than Auburn has felt like to me.  This placed changed my life for the better and I have found my second family through Auburn. We are Family. WAR EAGLE!
Should of chose a different school but oh well. I got a degree
Auburn University is so welcoming. The people are nice and just feels like home. It is a little crowded , but all the more chances to meet new people.
War Eagle. The community and atmosphere here is amazing.
Incredible school spirit and feeling of family. Have stayed connected to many sorority sisters after graduation and still visit campus for games occasionally. I live 7 hours away from campus, and there's still a highly active alum club in my city.
I absolutely love Auburn. There is something for everyone here whether that's Greek Life, SGA, or any of the hundreds of organizations here. Also, Auburn is a great school and challenges you to do your best. I would not rather be anywhere else.
my only real complaint against the university would be that we do not have meal swipes and do not have many options for dining halls, with that being said, Auburn is a ton of fun and a great school and one of the best decisions of my life.
Auburn is a great school
I literally have nothing bad to say about Auburn. The environment, the classes/professors, the people, the Auburn FAMILY. It is indescribable to people who have not experienced it themselves. I never want to leave!!!
After transferring around multiple schools in Alabama, I have finally found my home at Auburn University. It is located in a town on the smaller side, but there is a lot to do. Even though there are a ton of students, Auburn feels like a family. People are great, most teachers are wonderful, and classes are informative.
I love it here.
I am currently a first-year student and Auburn University has proved to be nothing short of amazing in all aspects. There are so many different organizations and services to be utilized by students in every way possible. The ONLY thing that could use improvement is PARKING! WDE!
This is the best school ever! I was not an Auburn fan by a long shot and was forced to come tour, but as soon as I stepped on campus. It was amazing! I absolutely fell in love! The only downside is parking. Seriously, parking is awful! Other than that, Auburn is the best school by far!
Auburn feels like a family. Classes are great, and the overall campus is beautiful all the time.
Auburn is a wonderful place that lived up to my expectations. The food choices are limited and very expensive and at night campus can get REALLY sketchy sometimes.
Auburn is a great university with a really nice campus. Their food choices could be better, there's a lot of foreign cuisine but it'd be nice if we had some standard burger places or cafeteria. Most good food places are super expensive. The professors and level of difficulty leave much to be desired. Don't plan on doing much besides studying.
Best. University. Ever
It's a great place, and it feels like one big family. From cheering on the Tigers in Jordan Hare, to the classrooms it just feels like home. Its enjoyable every step of the way.
I transferred in from another university and by far the atmosphere at Auburn is so much better. It can be a bit overwhelming having so many students on campus, but you get used to it. The classes are a decent size and you can often make friends with people around you even in huge lectures. Auburn is very charming and is always very clean.
Best campus ever would never leave in a million years. Amazing location. Everything is within walking distance. Amazing food options. Great living situations.
LOVe
The best of the best. No other place will ever compare once you step foot on this campus. It gets in your blood and stays there. War Eagle always!
auburn rocks
I love AU
War Eagle!! Best University out there!
WAR EAGLE!! Best school ever!!
It's a beautiful southern campus and people. Everyone is nice. This school is a science school, but the arts program is growing rapidly. Very easy to find clubs to join and there is always something happening on campus
I've traveled the world and Auburn is still my favorite place. I am an out of state student and I have never felt more at home. I have yet to meet an unfriendly person! Ya'll this place is something else :) & War Eagle
From a Grad Student's perspective, there couldn't be a more perfect place. It's big enough to feel like a part of something awesome, but small enough to make friends easily. My MS program only has 11-12 per class. Teachers are so dedicated to student well-being and achievement, and the city has everything you could possibly want. War Eagle!
I love Auburn and couldn't imagine myself anywhere else. Even though they're known for tough graders in the end you have multiple tools to help you like the Miller writing center, free tutoring, and the student partner program. You will graduate with a respected degree.
Great campus, competitive atmosphere.
Aubs is the best place ever. I never ever want to leave, so far I'll be here 6 years, here's hoping for more.
I could not see myself anywhere else!!!!!
Much love for this place. War Eagle!
I am a track and field athlete and went on 12 campus visits, including, University of Oregon, Ole Miss, University of Florida. I came here, and I just felt so at home, and I have had no reason to regret my decision. Love it here!
it is best place in world!! best four years of my life all around!
Great college to attend.
Auburn is great. Except there is no parking and the food situation on campus sucks.
BEST FOUR YEARS EVER
There is a bit of a location issue because of the lack of cities or beautiful areas nearby, but the people are incredible, the school is beautiful, and the restaurants have some of the best food around.
AU is the best university in Alabama.
AU is an amazing school with so many great opportunities. The majority of the professors are willing to help you if you go to their office hours. The atmosphere is great; we're one big happy family. FYI if you are a social studies/history major, be prepared for some hard professors and classes but they are doable. Come to AU! WAR EAGLE YALL!!
AU is incredible & definitely has a family feel. It's a college town but not an urban city. Has a lot of opportunities.
Auburn is great! The campus is beautiful and most of the professors are very dedicated. It can be a hard place to live if you are not in a sorority/fraternity and the social life aspect could use some work. Football season is amazing and most of the fans are very nice and welcoming. My time at Auburn was the best time of my life.
Best school Ive ever been to
Eh. I don't mind it but I'm not gonna miss it when I'm gone.
