Im going to miss everything about Auburn.
I love Auburn more than life
This place is home.
I LOVE AUBURN YAYYYYY. It's not even a question that you should come here;))
Bro, Auburn is the place to be. This place has everything, and I am not just saying that because I go here. This place has changed me for the better, and I'm only almost done with freshman year.
I LOVE AUBURN. Being on campus just makes me feel successful and welcomed. Professors care about you. Sky bar is basically my home. The only reason I rated lower on happiness is because of my own stress. You do have to WORK for grades here. Social aspect could be better but covid had to ruin a lot of it. WAR EAGLE!!!
The best decision I have ever made was coming here! The staff is great, the student is great, the campus is great! I have nothing but high praises for Auburn! War eagle forever!
If you are into fraternity, sorority life, or being overly active in a large club, you're good. If you are not into that, this isn't the place for you. Most of the opportunities are gotten through frats, sororities, clubs, or through "knowing a guy who knows a guy". If you don't have a connection to Auburn, it's not easy, but not impossible.
AUsome
Pros: Football/Basketball Cons: They will never help you no matter who you go to or for whatever reason. Need help getting into a class? The don't care. They run this place as a business and a business alone. They won't care about you at all.... until you owe them money. Suddenly we are best buddies after that.
Auburn University is a second home. You will find the right fit for your social life as well as academic life.
I can only speak for the nursing program at AU. Just go to UAB. Auburn nursing faculty bungle everything they touch and then the students have to make up for the mistakes. Many of the faculty are just weirdly mean like they choose favorites on the first day and only give those students good opportunities. I'm a senior and know nothing about nursing
I feel like I couldve put a fat skip button on my entire freshman year but maybe because of covid. Friends are so hard to find unless you are in a sorority or do tons of work figuring out what club you want to be in. Professors are decent but the campus is beautiful. The auburn spirit is unmatched Fingers crossed next year I have a good experience.
Great school! I believe in Auburn and love it!
I believe in Auburn and love it. My experience has been everything and more!
Couldn't love Auburn more. If you talk to anyone who has been they pretty much only have good things to say. Everyone is super friendly the vibe is work hard play harder and while there are a ton of different types of people everyone has at least one thing in common which is loving auburn. Professors are great and put effort into their classes.
The best place ever
downtown is the best part about this university
Auburn is so awesome and everyone loves it no matter who they are or where they came from. It is such a positive environment and the best community I have ever been apart of.
Auburn is a great college town and looks good on your resume since it's a well accomplished school. However though, this town focuses on those who are privileged and there aren't a lot of opporutnities and if there are then it's hard, for people of color. Had a few racist encounters during each football game, so I'd would decide carefully.
Its the best school in the nation
Auburn truly feels like home. I've loved my time here and I'm going to miss it so much. The Student Center and the Library are so comfortable and the Rec Center is state of the art. Campus is beautiful and the surrounding area has a quaint small town feel. I would absolutely recommend Auburn!
Auburn is the Loveliest Village on the Plains
Living by yourself/getting your own place makes college 100x better. Auburn is phenomenal, but like everywhere else, it's not gonna be perfect for everyone. Majority of people in the south are respectful and genuine (but there's always gonna be the ones who aren't) so don't base the school around only the people you encounter. It's what you make it
You won't be forced to get involved and getting involved is the only way to make any real friends. Loved my time, but I wish they had been more upfront about how important it is to get into club, Greek life or something your first semester.
lovely location, positive people, outstanding school
Truly is the loveliest village
Wonderful university, many opportunities as long as you are looking. Great place to make friends.
Theres just something ab it. Perfect little college town, so much fun, great community. Favorite place on earth
Great Campus
This is the best school in the country
So far, so good. I feel very welcome here.
Auburn is a great place! I could not have asked for a better college experience.
I love Auburn and everything about it (minus the parking and the food). Auburn has the best people and the best environment! I never ever want to graduate!
The best
Love the campus and Business building is amazing
I feel like Auburn is hyped up way too much when in reality its not that great. Dont get me wrong, it can be a great fit for some people, but my overall impression has not been great, and Ill be transferring at the end of the year.
Auburn is areat place to attend college
A home away from home. Teachers help you and you can find your path here. The best place on the plains and earth
Auburn is honestly a great school with a good balance of academics and social life.
Auburn is a great place to go to school for any major, the staff are always supporting you and the clubs are a great way to make friends and memories.
