Harvard of the South... don't come here unless you plan on putting some serious time and effort into schoolwork.   Very high quality education with a classical emphasis.  Located in an urban but historic town.
Downtown Charleston, it doesn't get any better than that. Great nightlife, great campus, great school. GO COUGARS!
If your not a social person dont come here because  its all about meeting new people here and creating memories.Charleston is a beautiful, warm breezy place to study and the scenery is awesome. The school is close to a beach and everyone loves that. Plus...there's really no need for a car since your in the heart of downtown.
Best decision I ever made. If you like living in a beautiful city ten minutes from the beach this is the school for you.
If you are looking for students who were "different than the majority of your friends at high school", don't come here because you're not going to be satisfied.
CofC is amazing. you would be crazy not to go here. by the beach, beautiful campus, great people, it doesnt get any better than charleston! people from other schools come to charleston for spring breaks and fraternity retreats.. you feel like your living your life on vacation. i can't say enough good things about it!
The College of Charleston is an EXCELLENT college, especially for the Liberal Arts. It is ranked in the top 5 of Southern Regional best value colleges by US News and World Report. From a student's viewpoint, the CofC has a PRIVATE COLLEGE FEEL even though it is a public university. The School of the Arts is 1st rate. The urban campus is beautiful.
College of Charleston is a great, prestigious school with a breathtakingly beautiful campus-from the trodden cobblestone and brick pathways, to the colorfully-clad historic buildings, to the spanish moss hanging from the trees that grace your walk to class. The college is also conveniently located in one of the best cities on the east coast.
Strong liberal arts education in the traditional sense that you must be a renaissance man/woman.  This is reflected in the general education requirements.  This is a wonderful school for anyone interested in studying the humanities and culture or non-humanities majors who wish to have a well-rounded education.
most awesome school with the nicest people in the prettiest city in the US!
Its like.......I love this school, the people I mean....but if you're expecting something different than high school....go somewhere else, aim high. If you want to be with that 5-10% of your class population that liked "learning" (whether they were closet-intellectuals or otherwise) try to aim a little higher. The women are smokin hot though.
Not enough bike racks, required meal plan for freshmen, no wi-fi in dorms (slow internet!), overall decent teachers
HUGE bar school
Teachers tend to be tough on students. School does seem to be in the stone age when it comes to certain things like lack of online classes and a very poor online management system, and various other things. It seems like departments do not work together at times, even internally. I'm happy, but knowing what I do now, I might have looked elsewhere.
Excellent institution! Having been here for 3 years thus far, I witnessed the changes that the College went through: the construction of the new science building & art center, more qualified students are coming in, and much more. It is a drag that bars and clubs are so nearby, but the College has put on a lot of events to set off that problem.
College of Charleston's location is absolutely amazing. The professors here actually care about the students and they work hard to know students on an individual basis. The classes offered are interesting and completely relevant. I couldn't imagine going anywhere else.
This school is amazing. In the middle of downtown Charleston so great location. Hard, but rewarding classes and a great reputation. Go to this school!!
The city is awesome! No regrets in choosing this school. Its tough, but the challenge gets you motivated to do well. You'll make some great unforgettable friends here as well.
If you are a commuter then be prepared to pay for parking and it is not cheap. Anywhere from $400-$650 per semester to have a pass for a parking garage. Last semester I paid around $350 for parking without a pass. Good Luck!
Great location and campus, beautiful buildings and people.  Recently voted best looking citizens in the country.  classical architecture and beaches everywhere.
the best school ever. has everything i wanted. couldnt ask for better teachers, enviorment or students.
The campus is one of the most beautiful place I have even been to. Thats why I decided to live there! Full of history. In a city that loves its college!
There are lots of opportunities at the College of Charleston for success and undergraduate research as long as you are a motivated student and you know where to look.
This is a great school! I feel like if you came here you could really do anything you wanted to with your life and its reputation is strong enough where if you worked hard enough you have a lot of opportunities for graduate school. Plus CofC has close ties to MUSC so if you want to go there for medical school this is a great college for that.
Absolutely gorgeous campus in the center of historic downtown Charleston. Too many people from Ohio though--they're taking over the city and are very resented by the locals.
College of Charleston is the place to be! The campus is beautiful and it sits in the heart of historic charleston. Academically the professors are helpful and informative and the students always seem happy which is a good sign of a great school!!! don't believe me come visit!!!
surf
One of America's first colleges with a great history, beautiful urban campus, and a dedicated faculty. While the CofC is a public College, it has a private college feel even a conservatory one in music/art. Conveniently located downtown with many employment opportunities in the hospitality industry as Charleston is a top rated tourist location.
This school is excellent for anyone looking to focus on preparing occupation but still wanting to have a well rounded education (because of the Liberal Arts degree requirements). However, the social life is truly what you make of it.
As a late-20s adult student, I will say that this is a hipster-tastic school, but that has little to do with my degree. I got a great education from CofC and am proud to hang my degree on the wall. The campus if gorgeous, well maintained, and the library is superb. The new dining halls are very nice as well.
It was the only place in state I considered because you can't beat the location. The school really loves its students and it is academically challenging while still being such a fun school. There's always parties and activities as well as a city with clubs and bars to take advantage of. Friendly people, beautiful city, excellent school!
Love this school! Left California to attend College of Charleston and that was probably the best decision of my life! love the ratio as well!
I love this college. Beautiful, historic campus with so much to learn. A small school, but definitely something to look into. The education I'm recieving is fabulous, and I am learning many things. There are so many opportunities available to students through the college. Way too many girls, though.
This is one of the most beautiful college campuses I have ever visited and I feel lucky to be able to attend this prestigious institution.
Great school, except for the biology department. I know it is a liberal arts school but come on, show interest in your majors! I switched majors to Geology and it's the best decision I've made. I got assigned to research with a Phd within 2 days of declaring. The food here will make you fat because it's great and all you can eat. Need a better gym.
BEST COLLEGE!!!!
It is a beautiful campus. The work is challenging, but interesting. There is always something to do on campus.
So much fun! The location is possibly the best feature of CofC. Everything is close and usually within walking distance, and the city of Charleston is already a great place by itself. Don't eat at Liberty. Unless... just don't.
C of C has it all.  Challenging academics taught by intelligent, but laid back professors.  Charleston is a great city (but wish outer neighborhoods were better), with the best food and fun.  Can't complain.  Come visit and you'll see for yourself. Great school overall!
College of Charleston is striving to be a sort of "Southern Ivy League" school so the work load can be a lot at times. However, the liberal arts education you get and the career opportunities they personally set you up with outweigh any of the cons. Beautiful campus and a fulfilling experience.
This school is truly amazing. I feel like I am going to school while on vacation. If you have a car or a friend with a car you can go to the beach anytime you want. I love CofC!
Charleston is the best city every!!
Keep in mind, I am somewhat new to the the campus, this only being my second semester. Downtown Charleston is incredible. Career opportunities are there, I'm simply not far enough along in my major to receive internships yet.(Computer Science). CofC is in excellent school with plenty to do around campus.
Everyone is so friendly and easy to talk to. There is not a heavy focus on greek life which is nice and there is a very diverse student population. Charleston is a beautiful city!!
Awesome people, helpful professors, great classes. Internet tends to suck. Food is fair. But, come on! It's Charleston! :) No regrets, here.
CofC = Best School in the South
the BEST school in the south. don't understand why anyone wouldn't want to go here.
You shouldn't even have to consider going anywhere else.
great school
This school is amazing! Definitely proud of my choice! Go Cougars!
The school is in a great location, filled with culture. The sense of community is wonderful. College of Charleston is awesome!
Wonderful Academics
I went here my freshmen year and then transferred. The school is amazing and perfectly located in the most beautiful city in America. If you can't find something to do on campus, you'll definitely find thing off! I would recommend having a car on campus, otherwise you are a little stranded. All in all an amazing school, just not right for me.
CofC has a beautiful campus in a convenient location. The school offers an excellent education. There are few online or late afternoon classes available for those non-traditional students (like myself) with full time jobs. Be prepared to pay a premium for parking if you have to commute to campus.
Amazing! Right in the middle of downtown so parking is non-existent but other than that, a great school.
interesting student body!being a Southern college, it needs to be more progressive and move quicker in focusing on the college student experience: ranging from move in (which could be improved!) to communication, to registering for classes...all could be improved.
Everyone calls CofC a party school, don't try to defend it. Just embrace the reputation. No one will even believe you if you say you don't party.
Going to College of Charleston is like being on vacation, never run out of things to do. Having a bike is a major need. SOOO many places to ride. I would recommend the college to anybody! Perfect school! Its like being in a dream with the scenery. Super fun when it rains big here. Flooding everywhere. Great School!!
Great city to live in.  Beautiful school with nice students and teachers.
Come to CofC! You will love it!
CofC needs to expand online and/or late evening classes for the non-traditional students. You will be hard pressed to find many lab courses after 4pm. Parking on campus an issue.
Fantastic school, best in the state. Wonderful location and programs.
Fantastic school! CofC! Hail all Hail!
awesomeness
best city campus. lots of fun and opportunities.
It is a party school.
Its so fun
CofC is the BEST!
College of Charleston is amazing. Attending this school has been the best decision I have ever made. The campus is beautiful and the classes are challenging but doable. This school gives you everything you need to succeed later on in life.
Great school in the best town!
CofC is a beautiful campus.  The experience is what you make of it.  The overall intelligence of the student body is lackluster; however, many individuals are very smart.  The Honors College is a great opportunity for anyone who is interested in a gifted academic community.  Overall, professors care about students. Social life is great.
I am from Connecticut and I am loving life down south. I've made great friends and have had a lot of fun so far. Classes are hard but all of my teacher have been very helpful. I joined a sorority, but I have a lot of friends who aren't a part of greek life and are also very happy here. I cant imagine myself anywhere else.
It's amazing
This is a great school! Has the perfect balance of great teachers in a great place! There is always something to do.
I love CofC! It's the best choice I could have made for a school!
Our school is your vacation.  Would be miserable anywhere else.  Such a unique school and so much fun.  Classes aren't too big and the professors really care.
Overlooked by the larger universities in state; however, they can't even begin to compare to C of C. You get what you pay for here. Definitely go if you can live without a football team!
Beautiful school! The construction that has been taking place gets in the way at times, but they do their best to not do so. Living off-campus can be a challenge when it comes to meter parking, but I prefer it to on-campus living if you will be looking for a job. The professors are over-all great, and really strive to help you learn the material.
Don't settle for this school if your grades are better than most
Its is great
this is the best school for people who wanted a well-rounded experience, but don't want to be known as a number; this campus and population size is perfect.
Best decision I've ever made
all good- love C of C
fun
Love This School! Best decision I have ever made
Charleston is the best city in the world! The campus is BEAUTIFUL and the teachers here are amazing. Once you come to Charleston you will never want to leave! Where else can you live/party in houses built in the 1800's? History and culture surround this place.
Good: Downtown, shopping, great food, close to parks, new gym, great teachers, lots of greek life, modern as well as traditional. Bad: No "school spirit", people tend to be isolated, the meal plans are too expensive, if you don't have a car(which you are not allowed to your first year) you can't go to the beach or anywhere else off the peninsula.
nice
This is an awesome school and anyone would be happy to come here. Just be outgoing and make friends.
Great school
I loved COFC so much. I couldn't have picked a better school for my major(accounting). Most beautiful campus in the state. The best part is that you are always a block or less away from the center of downtown shopping and dinning.
Only had one competent professor all year. Not intellectually stimulating.  Dorms suck, dirty and smell. There is no cleaning service. Charleston is a fun place if you have money to do stuff. Frats try to hard here. Dining halls are terrible.
I transferred to CofC and was happy that I already had a solid education before switching. I found that most of my classmates were not as intellectually motivated as classmates at other schools.  However, if you work hard you will excel. And the location and atmosphere cannot be beat. Very chill, relaxed, friendly.
Good school academically. Great location.
BEAUTIFUL SCHOOL! I love everything about it! Sometimes when people say it is a party school it can be disheartening but it truly is whatever you make of it.
AMAZING
Overall an amazing school! Visit and you will fall in love immediately or your money back!
Tons of girls. Great city that offers a lot.
It's mostly girls
This school is increible. minus the wifi. seriously no other complaints
Love it
girl to guy ratio is like 6 to 1. way to many sorority girls.
This school is designed to take in the kids who value social life above all else because of the location. If the location was different, this school wouldn't be as successful. Also, if you want to get a high GPA, just get someone to say you have a learning disability. Most of those kids cheat all the time and nothing happens to them.
I LOVE IT HERE
This school is absolutely incredible and will give you the best experiences you could ever ask for!
BOSSS
I love this school so much. The atmosphere is amazing and everyone gets along with each other. As soon as you step on the campus, you feel like you belong there and never want to leave. There are tons of different clubs and organizations to join and participate in and they are all always doing something. There's always something new to do.
Unlike any other college in America. I had the time of my life and am proud to be an Alumni.
CofC is the best school on the east coast. Despite having a big football or sports scene, their are hundreds, yes hundreds, of bars and restaurants within blocks of campus, several beaches nearby, and most importantly a beautiful selection of women (over 70% of students). Charleston has been rated #1 city in the U.S. and #2 in the World
Has the reputation of a party school and lives up to the reputation. However, for those seeking a more academic endeavor, you will fit in here as well. Charleston (not the college) is lacking in opportunities to further yourself and get ahead of competition such as internships and job opportunities. If you go here, you will have fun
Couldn't imagine a better place to go to school.
I love college of charleston. It is my home and has been my dream school for 6 years.
The best choice i have ever made. Fall in love with the campus and location more and more everyday. Everyone is so accepting and you can be yourself with out worrying about judgement. I never want to go home
Charleston. Is. Heaven.
I wouldn't trade going to CofC for anything!
Great professors, location, people, and parties. What else to ask for?
CofC is a fun place to be
transferring next sememster xD
Prettiest campus you'll ever see. Social life is awesome and you're guaranteed to make friends.
Party school is an understatement for this place.
A lot of people from the north. It is a very liberal campus
Everyone should live in Charleston. It's honestly the best city, so why wouldn't you want to live 4 years of your life here? It's honestly perfect and super unique. The social life is good too.
CofC is wonderful!
I transferred here and could not have made a better choice!
College of Charleston is the best decision I have ever made. Beautiful campus, amazing teachers and just an all around great atmosphere.
This school is amazing and so much fun and the teachers are extremely engaging.
Best choice ever
The classes are fantastic and professors are incredible; you get the same amazing education with less competition and stress than a lot of really prestigious schools have.
Coming to the College of Charleston was the best decision of my life.  Although it might not offer the best academic options, it is in the most amazing city in the country!  If you are considering attending the college please come visit because you will fall in love.  There is always something to do, even if you do not want to join Greek Life.
Don't eat the food
CofC has by far been the best decision of my life. It took a semester to get used to, since I came from a small town, but the professors are amazing, they genuinely care, and you have so many opportunities to get involved and better your future. Campus is beautiful. I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else
Awesome school in the most incredible city on earth. Everyone here is extremely good looking.  There seems to be a growing intellect gap between out-of-state and in-state students here. Wealthy and intelligent kids from the Northeast come here in droves, yet for in-staters there is less of a draw because it doesn't have football like Clemson or USC
It's an okay school. You're experience at CofC is really all about what you make of it.  You have to force yourself to get involved because it's not that big of a school and options are somewhat limited.   Also opportunities to succeed as a student really depend on what your major department is.
Great school, easy to get accustomed to, very good looking people, relatively easy
Awesome place to livestudy
I'm a freshman, the classes are generally pretty small, and the professors are usually pretty helpful. The campus is absolutely beautiful, but you're very confined to the campus unless you have a car. So freshman are pretty much stuck here unless you're rich enough to afford a parking garage spot, which is also difficult to obtain as a freshman.
I love the college of Charleston! The campus is great and the professors are amazing. I would recommend this college to anyone who loves warm weather, being outdoors, and the arts. Also, the business school is pretty impressive. The buildings are awesome! The library is pretty cool and a great way to spend your time studying; its quiet and relaxing
Charleston is a beautiful city, and the campus silly joins in with its quaint buildings and pretty walkways. The Cistern is picturesque, and during the summer, many students can be seen out there studying or hanging out. The College itself is extremely impressive and really pushes students to their limits, preparing them for a successful future.
College of Charleston is AMAZING! This is my second time in school (career change) and I originally went to USC, and I couldn't be happier. The academic community is supportive, the city is constantly rated #1 World Destination, it's the food mecca of the south, everyone is friendly, and there's soooo much to do. Best choice, ever!
Best place in the world. Hard to graduate in 4 years between all the partying and social life. The only negative i can truly say would be the guy to girl ration which is about 1 to 8 and that you have to drive to USC or the football games (really not that bad at all)!
