Alumni Network could be stronger like our neighbors at the Citadel, but I've never been sad to leave anywhere before but this place it just pulls your heart to love and be loved. The people are genuine and the city is the best in the South. Always challenges to know thyself and grow. This places makes find your passion and expands it.
I love the school and for the most part the professors genuinely care about your growth.  It is a small campus but you are definitely part of the bigger city.  I love it here and will miss it.
Really enjoyed going here, wouldn't change a thing
The College is what you make of it--- best kept secret of the south. Does not get the credit it deserves. Absolutely LOVE it here.
Huge party school, didn't realize that coming in. Hard to find people who don't want to party every night of the week.
Charleston is the greatest school in the world. I have met great people and had so much fun. I love the smallish classes because most professors will make a good effort to try and get to know you. The location is ideal. I don't know why anyone would pass up going to Charleston or transfer out ever. I never want to graduate. YOU NEED AN ID
It is not only a great school but you are also in the middle of one of the best city's in the world. Plus the class sizes are great because you have a one on one relationship with your teacher & i am never scared to ask questions.
Transferred here and it is incredible
I LOVE COFC! its an amazing city with lots of diversity.
Transferred here and its the best school I could see myself attending
Campus, university and Charleston are just amazing.  More activities and student events could be organized.
Awesome!
A very cool place!
love my professors, love the campus, finding a great peer group is the hard part. very cliquish.
Absolutely beautiful campus with incredible professors.
I absolutely love this school. It is so open minded and diverse and the people are great to get along with. My class sizes are small and I get along with all of my professors. Its a good environment, here at the college.
I'm from Florida and Charleston was the perfect school for me! Great people (mostly girls) and great professors. Greek life is awesome and social life is great too. I would recommend anyone at looking to go to school out-of-state or instate to consider Cofc!
It's the perfect college experience for me. Not so big that you get lost in all of it but not to small either.  Beautiful campus, great teachers, great people. Go Cougars!
Love my city
This school is a dream come true. Seriously, if you are into a very European lifestyle--- Charleston is the beautiful sunny southern kind place to get that in America. Now I know why people don't want to graduate. Also- not many people know but they have PHENOMINAL career services. I mean if you go to their career center and seek out help that is
Great school, great people, cafeteria food isn't always edible
I can't believe more people don't come to college of charleston! This college is located in a beautiful town with beautiful people, restaurants, and sites to see! I never get tired of this place.
C of C is the most beautiful campus I've ever stepped foot on. The weather is beautiful, great shopping is nearby, and multiple beaches are just a short drive away. Class sizes are fairly small so that you can form personal relationships with teachers. Professors respond very quickly to emails and are very willing to help. Great school!
Beautiful campus in the heart of a beautiful and historically rich city. It's got that southern charm. But it's still welcoming enough to those that aren't used to that. CofC provides a great balance between experiencing everything a big city/big school has to offer, and feeling like a small, cozy community. Also, great professors and classes.
Love this campus and its acceptance of all forms of life!
Campus is in the center of everything on the peninsula. King street is a must, second Sunday is also really big. Citadel cadets always around on relief days also CSU students come around. Dorms are eh. Also a TON of off campus living options.
Fantastic school!
Deciding to go to school here was the best decision of my life.
The school is in one of the most beautiful and historic cities in the country, making it the perfect location. The dining halls actually have really good options, most of the time. The social life is never ending, and there's more clubs than I could count. The internet works for the most part, and I couldn't be happier here.
I think CofC was one of the best decisions I've ever made for myself.
Beautiful campus with a rich history on a stunning campus incorporated into one of the most charming cities.
CofC is a school for a college experience. It is beautiful, yes. It's great living in a city. The programs are not something to be proud of. Most people going here don't go to class or don't care. Parties and social events are more important than degrees. If you're intelligent and you want a respected, fulfilling degree, I suggest somewhere else.
Being in the #1 city in the United States has it's perks for sure, the beaches are superb and the food outside of the campus is amazing! Just a block away is cheap yet delicious food! The campus itself is stunning and so clean.
Cafes have their days. Personally Bistro is my favorite to eat at, although, King Street provides more options. Beside the food, I love this campus and the type of professors they provide.
Choose to come here, I promise you won't regret it!!
I don't know why anyone would leave
I couldn't imagine going anywhere else
Charleston is absolutely gorgeous and living in a city provides more internship and job opportunities than anyone could need. Save your money on the meal plan (after your first year) and eat at the limitless restaurants the location has to offer. Charleston is also close enough to the beach and hiking to enjoy both the perks of a city and outdoors
Love the school! Have money saved for King Street.  Don't expect a ton of school spirit though.
Charleston is a gorgeous place with lots of opportunities, diversity, and entertainment; the Navy transferred my father here and I've met many great people. The peninsula is rather small but the college is large enough to accommodate most qualified applicants; the new business and graduate programs are catching on quickly.
Charleston is a perfect city. It is literally the number one tourist spot and I am so lucky to live here. The people are groovy. You're surrounded by King, Market, and East Bay St. full of amazing local food and endless shopping. The bars are kind of expensive, but super fun for a college town. I couldn't be happier.
I love the CofC campus because it is so beautiful! There are endless options for food and shopping. There is something here for everyone. It's not uncommon for people to tan in the middle of Marion Square or wear a bathing suit under their clothes to class because they're heading to the beach right after. CofC is my home away from home.
I love the College of Charleston. I'm just going to list off characteristics: great education, professors that care, medium sized classes, great city, awesome social life for the drinker & non drinker, great organizations, awesome Young Life #NeilisNeat , great networking, Honors college is the bomb, cares about diversity, spectacular.
The city is to die for, the beaches are close and fun, the people are fantastic and for the most part very good looking, I joined a fraternity my freshman year and would recommend that as a way to meet new people.
Cool place!
I adore the College. You are in the center of a very small city and there are lots of opportunities for everything: food, jobs, on and off campus living, and real life practice in your field of study. If you want to have a great time, come to CofC.
There is always something to do, there's a very diverse selection of people and activities, and its BEAUTIFUL.
hot ppl everywhere
I am reviewing as an adult transfer student (adult meaning mid 20's) CofC takes some getting used too, very large female population and not a diverse student body at all. Everyone looks like a clone, most of the people are over privileged brats. The school itself and professors incredible. Parking is HORRIBLE and expensive.
College of Charleston is incredible, mostly because Charleston itself is incredible. The professors are great, class sizes are small and there's a ridiculous amount of fun stuff to do during the week or on the weekends.
The city  is a fun place to be but I expected so much more from the school. Clubs are expensive to join and if you are not interested in greek life there isn't a ton to do. The food is terrible but if you have to eat it, go to City Bistro. The people aren't very diverse and if you care about school more than social life I suggest looking elsewhere.
Easily the best decision I ever made was coming here. I'm a freshman and have loved every moment of this year. Obviously the city is amazing and I'm never bored. There's always parties on the weekend. My professors are extremely helpful and definitely want me to succeed.
Love the campus! From the first day I set foot on it I felt like I was in the right place!
Located in a great city, but the school itself is not. No sense of community. Hard to get involved if not Greek. NO school spirit. Student section is just everyone on their phones; professors are hit or miss. Horrible president, bringing this place to the ground. I would not recommend. Much better schools in SC; I'm looking forward to transferring
If you're under 21/don't have a car, it's gonna get boring fast. Most of the clubs/bars nearby are 21+ only, and most of the fun, including the beach, isn't walk-able. It lacks in diversity; its minority population is 20%. However, there are programs and depts that are working to improve it (btw I strongly suggest participating in spectra/scamp).
I honestly love this school so much. Its my first year and I don't want to leave for summer. Everyone is so friendly and I have loved every professor so far.
Always fun to go to class. And, plenty of things to do when you're not.
Charleston is the most charming, beautiful city in the world. I feel so lucky to go to school in a place that's so historical and gorgeous, not to mention the beach is right there.
The College of Charleston is considered a "little-big school" due to its quaint atmosphere accompanied by a sort of metropolitan vibe. It's beachy, historical, and urban all at the same time -    diversity is key! Students from all over attend CofC. Like any college, it takes a bit of time to assimilate, but once you do, you won't want to leave.
Great place
Love charleston
The College of Charleston is stunning and it becomes what you make of it.
If you're thinking about going anywhere else then you're thinking wrong. Hands down the best school/campus/city/everything ever.
I have one more year left here. I transferred to COFC after my freshman year. Mainly because I already signed another year lease on my apartment and because my mom went here. I was really excited to start but after my first year here I was quickly disappointed. Everyone is a clone, rude if you aren't like them, rich brats that party 24/7
Great campus, profs are, for the most part, awesome.  Charleston is beautiful.  It is what you make it though.  Parking is outrageous!  Being in Charleston always puts you in a better mood.
Awesome school. Just don't walk alone at night. And I'd probably not get a meal plan
ITS LIT
The internet connection is the worst this year!
I feel very lucky to be a part of the College. We have a great English program, professors who care, and an incredibly beautiful campus.
Love our school ! Our housing options aren't the greatest, our Wi-Fi is less than stellar, and our campus food is hit or miss but all of that is outweighed so easily by everything else our campus has to offer ! Wouldn't trade it for the world, absolutely no regrets in my decision.
Love it!
Spent 4 years here and meh. Pretty city but super expensive if you live off campus. Not much diversity, bunch of self-entitled students (esp. in Greek life), can be hard to meet people. As one prof here described it, "private school price tag with public school education." Only redeeming quality besides city itself are the super awesome profs.
CofC is in a great area with amazing views. It is a very open campus so you can go anywhere you want. Downtown Charleston has so many exciting things to offer.
CofC is a great school and nothing beats downtown Chas. Sometime's I feel like I'm surrounded  by idiots, but majority of the time I only feel that way while around frat boys. Hate how hot it is the beginning and end of the school year.
go COUGS
I don't have much to say other than it's a really good school and so far I've really enjoyed my time there.
It is a great place overall. There are so many things to do on and off campus. Majority of the people are nice and there is always somewhere to go if you needed help. It is also in the middle of downtown Charleston which is a huge plus.
I transferred out of CofC. If you're looking for a party school with a vacation vibe, come here. If you're looking for a degree from a challenging and distinguished university, not a good choice. So many girls go here, and the bar scene is huge, but there is little to no school spirit. People come to CofC for Charleston, not the school.
College of Charleston is such a gorgeous school, and the faculty is extremely caring.
School and city are dope, dining halls and wifi might make you sick.
good luck on the brick sidewalk, other than that i love it
Personally I love it. :))
I love College of Charleston, however I feel that they could really improve their public safety. I know the school is in the heart of the city, so stuff is bound to happen - but that's all the more reason to care! I could name on one hand the amount of times I've seen Public Safety and that's normally because I've locked myself out of my room.
The school is nice and the food is okay. Class aren't too big and the professor are really cool. Hard to get involved and make friends if you're not into Greek Life. A lot of the people are rich kids from up north or kids that want to party and not go to class.  Not much to do downtown on the weekends unless you're older.
The location was labeled Best City in the World by Travel + Leisure, party life is booming, campus is beautiful and academics are approachable while maintaining respect from employers.
Its a cool place with a cool vibe and many different scenes for different types of people
Super cliquey and a total party school. I thought all colleges were party schools, but it's hard to get away from it here. If that's not what you want to do for most of your college career, don't come. Parties are the main way to meet people, &there aren't many social oppurtunities besides that. Most people I know wanted to transfer the first year.
Can be a little bit cliquey at first, but that's probably just the fact that it's your first year. Everyone is super friendly regardless and there's a tons of stuff do to if you socialize and meet people.
CofC is a great school with a BEAUTIFUL campus. The professors are pretty great for the most part, and the coursework isn't too bad.
Such a beautiful campus in a beautiful city. The professors are enthusiastic about their subjects, but don't take their classes overly seriously. Most are very nice and approachable. The campus is small enough that you can walk almost anywhere in under 10 minutes (usually under 5), and it's near to parks & lots of affordable restaurants.
the best things about living in Charleston - the people, the places, and the spirit of tradition and indulgement
I LIVE FOR CHUCK! It's so beautiful and everyone always looks happy! I would recommend taking a tour and seeing the BEAUTIFUL campus and city! Close to the ocean and so many good restaurants!
not much diversity, good food on campus or safety outside of campus but it is historic and beautiful and offers students a wide range of options for clubs, events, studies and abroad programs.
Best choice to make
CofC is so beautiful. It is full of history and personality. With some of the oldest buildings in the South, it is quite a sight. The campus is always buzzing the people doing things and getting involved. There are hundreds of clubs and an assortment of sports.
amazing school
CofC is good for about a year until the newness wears off. Then it gets a bit redundant and kind of boring. Living expenses are outrageous because of the location. There is a lot to do in Charleston, but not a lot that is free and isn't going out to eat. Definitely a party school. I wish I would have looked at more schools before deciding on CofC.
Beautiful
Really great school and campus with a ton of opportunities.
I love CofC!!
The college is in the middle of the city so safety is a big issue for some people. Also, the people of Charleston aren't always the nicest. Otherwise it's a pretty nice campus with tremendous opportunities. There is so much to do and see in Charleston including the beach, and I mean who doesn't love the beach?
Overall, an amazing college that I would highly recommend. Prime location! Surrounded by a beautiful city with a fun night life and many delicious restaurants. Only a short commute to the beach. Outdoor lifestyle allowing you to walk/ride a bicycle just about anywhere on the peninsula. For the most part, great professors and friendly classmates.
This was truly my perfect school
My absolute dream school! GO COUGS
Amazing Place!
Stunning campus, scenery, and good vibes! I've never felt more at home until I moved to Charleston. The professors are extremely intelligent. The staff is extremely friendly. The Financial Aid Office helped me tremendously over the past year!
College of Charleston is the ideal place for the college experience.
CofC is like home, small classes, close corners, people are friendly for the most part.
Amazing campus! I'm from Charleston originally, and I am still amazed every day by how lucky I am to go to school here. TONS and TONS of resources easily available to you.
good
If there's a school with a better location, the opportunities, social life, and well-respected academics for a better price, I really don't know it. Some complain they didn't learn much or they disliked their major. It all depends on if you study what you love. The professors are great the campus is gorgeous and you will enjoy the atmosphere.
The location is in a congested area. Hard to drive around during parts of the day. Sidewalks are terrible and the room is very little for the amount of students on campus. A good number of the teachers are very liberal, some have issues with conservative students. School seems to be a GPA killer too. Looking back, I wish I went to another campus.
I was born and raised in Charleston, and at first thought going to C of C would be too close to home, but it has been amazing. The food downtown is amazing, Charleston is known for some of the best food and chefs, but the dining hall food through the school is eh. Such a beautiful and happy place to go to school, with many amazing professors.
The location is amazing especially being so close to king st and the beach. They say Greek life doesn't run the school but college is way more fun if your involved with one or just have a friend in one because yes this is considered one of the "party schools" but academics are still taken pretty seriously. For the most part the teachers are good.
Charleston is the most amazing city on Earth. CofC won the most beautiful campus in America this year. Girls are hot. Food is amazing. Beach is nearby. What more could you want?
As a transit student, I don't experience the on campus lifestyle. Good school, the parking pass is a must have every semester, the instructors have always made time to see me (outside office hours) since I had to drive out of charleston area. Plenty of places to eat if you like to bring your own lunch or pick something up. Keep an umbrella handy.
I transfered here and it was the best decision I ever made
It's only my freshman year, and I came in a bit introverted, and have made so many friends and been opened up to so many opportunities just within my first year here. It's a beautiful campus in the center of so many wonderful things to see and do. I absolutely love the College of Charleston!
CofC is the best college EVER! I transferred here my sophomore year and I couldn't be happier. Beautiful campus, great people, awesome location near clubs/bars/restaurants/shopping/etc. The beach is a short drive away. Never want to leave this school
Nice professors, when they're not incorporating their political beliefs into every class discussion.
The campus is beautiful, for the most part everyone is very nice and willing to help. The courses are far from easy though. Many professors are from other countries making it super hard to understand them.
Great school, awesome academics, but it's hard to find your group. However, once you do, it's the best place ever to be. But until you find your crew, it's a little rough. The classes are a good size and you have a lot of opportunities for help to succeed.
small meat
Nice location, lot of food choices and lot of historical places to go. The beach is only a short drive and many other places to go to have fun.
I love my college!
Overall, CofC is an excellent school. Most of the professors are helpful and want their students to succeed. On campus dining halls are hit or miss, and City Bistro should be avoided at all cost. There are plenty of places to eat within a block or two of campus. WiFi is spotty in some area and dorms.
Beautiful campus with a lot going on if you know where to look. Great place to live in the center of the city with a lot to do right off campus as well. Classes can get overwhelming easily though, the work piles on especially if you start maxing out your credits each semester.
CofC is a great school in the heart of Charleston.
