love it here!
I love CofC
This school is really what you make it. You will find people who you mix well with, dorms are all fairly nice, and the campus is not too big. I love the College. So many opportunities to get involved, you have to go out of your way not to be involved. Tons of free and fun activities, and apartments "off campus" are right in the center of campus.
I enjoy almost all of the school. The location is amazing, the professors generally care about their students. However, there are faults. The internet is not the best by any means, I use my data a lot. Also, the food is not the best and the counseling is the worst. They put holds on your account and give you fees even when you haven't been there.
Fantastic place to be. Be careful at night, we are in the middle of a major city in the area. Huge party scene, but not to the point that you feel forced to participate. Some of the kindest and most understanding staff and students. Food is okay, and dorms are pretty good. You will hear this a lot: "You get out of it what you put into it." SO TRUE!
You'll be making a good decision if you choose to go to CofC. you get a campus feel, while still getting a city vibe, with the beach just 15 minutes away. If you aren't already considering CofC, come visit, the city will make you feel at home, I know it did for me!
Great place to go to school, located in a beautiful city.
it a fun party school
Everything is amazing about The College I love it here! Clubs are great, Greek life is present but not overwhelming I don't feel like I missed out for not being involved with Greek life. Close to the beach and off campus food is AMAZING and its fun getting to live off campus in old historic Charleston homes.
I've made the best of my time here so far and I love it. If you make the effort, it's totally worth coming here.
Good school. Most courses aren't too challenging.
For me and a lot of people I have met, it took awhile to find friends at CofC. The clubs are terrible and very exclusive. The worst being Center Stage. Once you find friends and start getting into a groove, you will LOVE it here. The teachers are very nice and they care about you. I have lived in Kelly, Warren, and Lodge and theyre all fine.
Best choice I could have made.
love it.
Would not want to be anywhere else!
It floods often, but it's pretty
An amazing place and my dream school, so many opportunities to be held as far as clubs, academics, and careers go. However the food will be good enough to get you through freshman year but probably not after that. The staff/professors are some of the most generous people I've ever met. 10/10 would recommend
I am from Charleston and originally never wanted to go to CofC, but after working closely alongside the professors and academic directors, I fell in love with the campus and academic side of the college well before my freshman year even began. Now, midway through my freshman year, I can't imagine going to another school.
I could not imagine any school being better
Best school ever and beautiful as can be! GO COUGS
best location of a college campus, hands down.
The college is great but if you have to deal with housing, good luck. They are very rude and could care less about anything that has to do with the dorms. The food is really bad, although Marty's is a good option. The college does not have the safety of their students at #1, as it should be.
Food is BAD. The campus is pretty in certain areas, but once you leave those its disgusting. The housing could not be worse, and they only have to house freshman. Pretty much nobody after sophmore year wants to live or dine on campus. The ONLY good thing about CofC is the location, if you took that away, not a SINGLE person would want to attend.
CofC is a beautiful campus. Lots of stuff going on during the weekends, but you have to be involved in Greek life to be included in most, if not all of it. Food is not good, you're gonna spend all of your $ on King Street. Professors are kind for the most part, the dining hall staff is unfriendly. Overall, love it here, just want more opportunities
Great place, building could be updated but great city.
I love Charleston. I hate that I had to leave for summer. There is always so much to do on and off campus.
Loved my time here! If you're thinking about it - GO! It was fun and incredibly mentally stimulating <3
Always my first choice. Great place to be with amazing students and professors. Food is disgusting never had anything good in the cafes plus the staff are slow and rude. They are super annoying with parties drinking and weed on campus. Get close with public safety it'll make your life easier. Also they have super cool extracurriculars. So beautiful
I love CofC! Like any school, there are minor drawbacks, but it's great overall! Some professors are strict about attendance, so if you miss too many classes, they will drop you from the class. Also, it's an urban campus, so some places are sketchy at night, so walk with a friend or call someone while you're walking home.
Good school, but always watch surroundings. The food is gross and you are required to have a meal plan if you are on campus.
I joined cofc in the fall of 2018 and it was the absolute worst decision of my life. As someone being from charleston, downtown is an absolute disaster. You are extremely confined to certain areas since you are in the middle of a city. The academics as a whole are mediocre and are not as credible as advertised, if you have a choice stay away!
BEST DECISION IVE EVER MADE COMING HERE!!! Unlike any other school. You have the city and the beach. People are so sweet and there is so much to do and learn. LOVE!!! would recommend.
CofC is an absolute gem! It's a public school with an appearance of a private college. Academics are rigorous and some depts are STRICT about attendance. Most profs are good, some are bad. Charleston has plenty of great bars, restaurants, and concerts. Gym facilities suck though and it's a city, so be careful at night.
Great college
beautiful campus, close to the beach, great night life, close-knit community
Im on the track team and sorority so that makes a difference
So many of the buildings are full of mold and mildew that constantly keeps everyone sick. Chalk Boards everywhere. Most of the dorms look terrible and most buildings are so old. The newly renovated science building and business building are nice but there need to be many more updates.
its a fun school, Charleston is a super fun city and there's always stuff to do
Couldn't imagine myself anywhere else
I think the College of Charleston is a distinguished school and has the most beautiful campus in America.
Awesome school
Love it here! The campus is gorgeous
A great school and atmosphere with tons of opportunities no matter what major you study.
Best 4 years of my life.
love love love this college!!! you're right next to multiple beaches, but be careful you'll want to skip class for the beach. The nightlife is fun. Professors are amazing. Overall, I am glad I chose CofC
So glad I chose to come here. So much fun with so many opportunities for work or an internship. I pretty much love all of the faculty that I have encountered. The food is too good. Beaches, nightlife, stores galore, plus the coolest people. This city is just hard to beat!
Love the college. Wish the food was slightly better but that is why I eat at a lot of the restaurants. Love the location.
Is this school worth the out-of-state tuition? No. Is it worth the in-state-tuition? Yes. It is a liberal arts school, where no department is genuinely more funded, or better than the others. The food for incoming students is great, with options, all dietary restrictions as well. The dorms are better than most colleges. The professors are chill.
Some professors suck. Housing office sucks too. They are quick to steal your money and not understanding of students at all. IF you come here, come for charleston.
not worth it if youre from out of state. maybe worth it if youre in state
Out of state transfer students do not come here. If you do get ready to retake every. single. class. all . over again. In my college career, I have taken 6 math, 6 history and 6 science classes. Do NOT transfer out of state here not worth time or money. However, if you are not transferring disregard this message.
The education level is laughable, transferred immediately following one semester here, the police aren't allowed to stop men harrasing female students,you stand at the stoplights and have to listen to them talk as long as they don't touch you. Way too politically charged, even subjects that don't need to be political are made that way. never again
It's a good city to be in, and I feel at home here. There are a bunch of diverse classes to choose from, especially if you're a humanities kids. And lots of opportunities because you're located in a city.
CofC is the place to be. The city of Charleston has amazing bars and restaurants, while the school itself has great classes/professors. The campus is gorgeous and they offer many opportunities for networking. The safety factor is the only bad thing about this school (never walk alone at night). Other than that, it's amazing!
love this school . in such a good area and everything is walking distance which is nice. the beach is only 20 min away
