I have no complaints about going here, in fact its like a dream.
everything is great but they offer extremely limited classes so get ready to pay lots of money and not be able to take the classes you need and are paying for
I adore CofC. I think it genuinely hurts my feelings when people describe the school as a "party" school or a school without any prestige. I've met some of the smartest and most hard-working people here. We have a fantastic Honors College and a lot of good programs and departments. I feel lucky to be here!
It's overall a noice school.
Nice school. I am a transfer student.
Easily the prettiest college/university. The school is in a city, so you definitely have to be careful, but they do a great job informing the community about issues that have occurred.
Adore CofC. Prettiest college campus you'll ever see, most understanding professors ever (from my personal experience), and classes I never knew that I wanted or needed. It'll be hard to leave this place, and I'm grateful for the time I've spent here and the opportunities I've gotten.
go here
Overall a great experience, though accommodations for freshmen is a little rough.
Public safety sucks.
Great school!
i love it
Enjoyed my time here, fantastic location, pretty campus. Did not like the lack of alumni network and prestige. Felt some (not all) professors were not interested in the students long term success. You'll find a job, but don't expect to be able to get a very competitive job (big 4 accounting, consulting, etc.) unless you have a 3.9+ GPA and network.
As long as you're looking for an opportunity and work hard, you'll find it. Bistro's food gave me stomach problems I'm still suffering from - it's all just very heavy and tastes the same. Stay alert and you should be pretty safe - or at least always have one sober friend with you.
I expected more than what I got, it's very pretty, but it can get old very fast. Half the social problems come from the Citadel and the Navy when it comes to dating here. Don't give them a chance! Food could be so much better, and the lower-wage staff should be more qualified and better paid! Not helpful when students have mental health crises.
Transfer here! The classroom buildings are nice, just not the 3 main ones. It's beautiful here but not worth the out-of-state tuition prices and cost of living. Also, campus is safe during the day, but don't walk around downtown CHS or campus while alone at night. If you're someone who needs accommodations- know they can be rude and invalidating.
Average college, being on peninsula is a pain when it rains and you dont have a car. Nice environment and atmosphere. VERY southern. buildings need a makeover. clubs are mostly the popular ones (SGA, etc.). no diversity. math department is weak. spanish department is the best. entire downtown area is ran by college students so it gets old fast 7/10
This school hates its students but loves taking your money. Do not go here.
Came to CofC years ago expecting a much different experience than what I am coming out with. The biggest problems I have with the school are that there is little to no school spirit amongst the student body. The administration of the school seems to rarely take student perspectives into their decisions. Everything including housing is expensive.
Good school for science and business majors. The campus is directly connected to the downtown so sometimes it's annoying to navigate through all the tourists. Currently, there's a housing shortage and upperclassmen are not guaranteed to stay at dorms.
CofC is definitely a school targeted toward Business students. The campus is beautiful and close to the beach, but navigating around the tourists can get annoying. The cost of living is so high that you'll need to get a job. The administration is okay but could be better. On-campus can be gross and off-campus housing can be so expensive. Still fun!
CofC is most definitely intended for Buisness students and some Science students. The campus is gorgeous, but the amount of tourists is Annoying. The cost of living is expensive but still fun.
