You will not learn anything. This school is a joke!
Poor budgeting, but still raising tuition.  Smart.  It's way too expensive for the quality of education that i've experienced here.   Overrated.
Uk is awesome. The teachers and classes are pretty good but above all everyone is always down to party. Even though its a dry campus, all you need to do is walk a few streets over from campus to find a killer party.
Toured dozens of Universities, and this one by far had the best food, reputation, the most beautiful campus and the most impressive list of activities and organizations. Can't even begin to describe how glad I am I chose UK
We have a ton of school spirit which really brings the campus together
The curriculum seemed too easy.  I don't feel that I learned as much as I should have in the business school.  I did not feel prepared for a job in finance when I graduated.  Also, for business majors, the variety of classes was lacking.
It's big, but does not feel as big as you would think, so don't be intimidated.
This school rocks, but if you are planning on coming here you better start reading up on basketball history! We LOVE our..... C-A-T-S cats cats cats!!!
Great school. Come ready to work and you will do fine...
excellent
Unless you are Greek and come from a family with horse money (or lots of money), you don't mean crap on this campus. Good luck with any major outside business or engineering, as the school DOES NOT care about you!
It has the best basketball program in the NATION
Great atmosphere! Love it here.
Complete and utter waste of 4 years
I love UK and have grown to get used to living in Lexington for a while now. However- if you live on campus I must warn you- the food on campus is TERRIBLE. And a lot of the places that accept meal plan make you smell like grease when you leave. Remember- don't upgrade your meals, just eat of campus.
Big school with a lot to do. Good academics and a million different jobs/career paths to take through this research based University.
Yes, this is a respected university, you see most people think that going to college should be only a social experience. Obviously not true! At UK you must work for your degree, its not just handed to you. UK has world-class professors, libraries and overall education and great social events, jobs and sports as well.
UK is amazing. It opens several opportunities for students. There are plenty of things to do and become involved in. School spirit is amazing and I wouldn't want to be anywhere else in the country!
You must bleed blue to really survive here. You get what you put into your studies.
Anyone that is sounding off some irreverent feelings towards the university and education did not put much in. A lot of people think they should be handed their degrees. I've been working my ass off and have had a lot of rewards. Also, only 10 percent of school is greek. They like all majors, put yourself out for the opportunities!
Classes are difficult. Many professors like to fail students and curve up. Just be warned!! Other than that UK is awesome! Sports, greek life, off-campus housing (is actually cheaper than on and much much nicer!) Great school!
GREAT CAMPUS. be ready to bring a bike. it's very large but beautiful. Haggin field and stoll field get a little torn up but the arboretum south of the commonwealth is awesome. The teachers are generally good but the internet can be horrible but they're still trying to figure out the whole wireless thing. Willy T has the best everything. I love it.
Love the campus!! So glad I attended UK.
good balance of partying and academics.  Not stuffy but not crazy burn-outs either.  difficulty really depends on major
UK is large school, but with that small campus feel. When walking to class you will always pass multiple people that you know. The library is huge and awesome. It can get loud at times during test/final days. Often there are parties in it during finals weeks. Food choice is limited, but the quality is fine. You'll never run out of activities.
UK is the BEST!!! Go Cats!!!
Needs better parking, Needs to update dorms. They are pretty gross, but bearable. Need more concerts or fun things to do on the weekends.
There are plenty of ways to get involved... never underestimate the DIFFICULTY of nursing school....IT'S HARD. Everyone will tell you that, but until you experience your first day and all of these expectations... ah!
I had the hardest time deciding where to go to schools (UVA, CLemson, VT, Miami of Ohio) and I absolutely no doubt made the best choice to come to UK!! Everyone is so friendly the campus and administration are inviting and open. The opportunities to be involved and do what you want are endless. Plus Lexington is a great city.
If you're going for art. STAY AWAY. Belinda Rae Goodwin took over. She's rewritten every project for first-years, in EVERY CLASS. She can't paint, draw, or design, so she obviously shouldn't be writing lessons that replace the lessons the professors wrote themselves. The lessons that WORK. She's a fool, and you shouldn't pay to deal with her.
The driving around campus is the ONLY negative. Great college.
I love that people leave comments like "i didn't learn anything" or "my program sucks." If you didn;t learn anything, its because you never studied, teachers don't just hand you the knowledge, that's what grade school is for. If your program sucks, transfer or find a better program. Even harvard has bad programs. I love UK!!!
If you're going to eat on campus, go to Blazer on north campus.  The food is always amazing, and one meal swipe gets you anything and everything you want.  They also have to-go boxes if you'd rather eat in your room or outside.  The campus is beautiful.  There are trees and flowers all over the place, and it's all very well-maintained.
UK is awesome. The campus is beautiful, and the students are wild. Sporting events are always insane, and there is always a lot to do whether you are on or off campus. Big Blue Nation!
This isn't a bad campus, just make sure you know what your getting into. Tuition is extremely high for the education you get here, because of the prestigious idea around the campus. $12,000 a year is crazy to go here. I just find that transferring is a good option if your smart, but broke.
Get involved if and make it as small or big as you want it! UK is a very good school with a great campus and is very connected to its surrounding community.
This university pretty much blows.
swag
As a sophomore at UK, I have been very pleased with my experience so far.  While the facilities can at times be quite dated, if the worst thing you can say about a school is that it's buildings are old, it must be pretty good.
I seriously wish daily that i would have picked another school. it has a horrific engineering program...
go greek!
UK is huge and it takes a while to get used to. If you plan on transferring the transfer office is horrible and takes a while. Stay in the dorms your first year to make friends. Study hard.. You'll be fine. :)
It is what you make of it. Study hard, get involved, bleed blue! Go cats!
I love my school.  I could never imagine going anywhere else. ooohhhh, C-A-T-S, CATS, CATS, CATS!
For the first year it's going to be a tough transition, no high school has 28,0000 students.  The best advice I would give is to at least make an effort to engage with your professors.  It will make it easier when you have a problem and need help and also separates you in a lecture of 300.
An All-around awesome experience. I am a bio major and the science classes are pretty intense! Do your work and enjoy the basketball!
You will be in class with the best and brightest of Kentucky. It's not an easy school, but there is a LOT of help/free tutoring available especially for math. Get together with some friends and rent a house - much cheaper than on dorms or apartment living. Lexington is a great city, get a student bus pass and a bike and you are all set.
Awful school, awful faculty, awful professors, awful TAs, awful awful awful parking. Just plain awful.
Large campus that can be confusing at first, but overall everything is accessible. Biggest public library in the country. I'd say the main problem is the dorms, since there's nowhere near enough space; only 500 spots for returning students.
This school is an absolute DISGRACE. Lately it has turned into nothing but a bill collector. If you have any trouble with anything it is IMPOSSIBLE to find someone to help you and when you do they are bitter and unfriendly. Not to mention more than half of the professors dont speak english fluently. NOT WORTH YOUR MONEY!
wayyyyyy too expensive for the quality of education you get here. id rather be at a community college honestly. They suck every penny out of your pocket to the point where im suprised you dont have to pay to use the bathroom. I have been here for 2 years and feel cheated. needless to say...transfering.
Attending UK was the greatest decision of my life. The University of Kentucky has something for everyone!
Mostly a money school. The focus is placed more on basketball than academics. If I had to do it all over I would have gone somewhere different. Poor teaching quality in the math and chemistry departments and the labs are a joke.
UK is a great school. It's a gorgeous campus. It has a ton of clubs and club sports that you can easily get involved in. The food is amazing. Dorms aren't so bad. Classes are engaging and enjoyable for the most part. I'm a California kid but I'm really happy with my decision to go to UK!
One of the best experiences in the SEC.
Very, very unhappy with this school. It's so misleading and only caters to the majority. Pick someone else...seriously. I will be transferring as soon as possible.
Awesome atmosphere and great education. Beautiful campus and great events. There's many student organizations to choose from which makes finding the ever-important community that everyone needs in college. I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else. I love it here.
Very happy to attend UK.
I learned more from this college experience than I could ever have imagined...
UK is amazing. Plus, they're tearing down all the old dorms and building new ones.
I love UK!
I love UK! I'm so glad I came here! (:
Having grown up in Lexington i reccommend anybody interested in UK should visit no hesitation, the town and campus are incredible and you have nothing to lose.
Go Wildcats!
Beautiful campus, lots of trees and tons of adorable squirrels
GO Big Blue
GO BIG BLUE!
Wouldn't go anywhere else!
Great school
Beautiful Campus
Always visit the campus of the school you hope to attend before you enroll! Also, Greek life seems like a big deal, but it isn't at all.
Make sure you know what you're getting in to.  Don't pick somewhere because they have a good basketball or cheerleading team.  If you don't get involved on campus you will feel like a tiny fish in a huge blue ocean.  The classes aren't too difficult if you know how to study.  The dorms are AWFUL. UK's freshman retention rate is one of the worst...
I absolutely LOVE it here! I am so glad I came here!
great school!Go cats!
Not a "Southern" school, Lexington is extremely boring and campus is dull and too spread out. Truly incomparable to other SEC schools.
I looked at other big name schools but I still love UK.
This university is the worst of its kind. Please, don't come to this school unless you absolutely have to attend. It's such a waste of money and time. Lexington is beyond boring and you will learn absolutely nothing. I would rather be anywhere else but here. Seriously.
University of Kentucky is the greatest school on Earth. Every day you are surrounded by amazing people,great teachers, an amazing athletic program and a beautiful city! Go Big Blue!
Absolutely! UK is one of the best decisions ive ever made! I came from out of state and everybody at UK was so welcoming and loving and made me feel right at home. Also, join greek life. It helps you get to know so many people and get involved in so many different things! LOVE THIS SCHOOL :)
Favorite part of UK are the profs. Other than that, everyone is the same. Greek life is nothing but high school all over again except more annoying. People are not very friendly. Wouldn't stay if it wasn't for the good profs
If you aren't in a sorority or fraternity, don't expect to have much of a social life. Dorms are absolutely terrible. Classrooms are overcrowded with people sitting on the floor in some cases.
Campus is beautiful. The staff and overall experience at UK is amazing. Choosing to go to UK would be an extremely good decision.
I love this school. Grow Crats.
Always some kind of event for careers, culture, food, entertainment, and awesome Greek life.  Highly recommend getting involved in Greek life and any other campus opportunities available, there are plenty and look great on a resume.
Good university
Pretty classrooms but some bad dorms. They are all being rebuilt though.
I think UK is a lot better than I expected; the dorms are being built, so they will get better, and after all, you have to make the best of your situations.Some people are just really lousy and loud often, but that you cannot control. I wish the buildings and the classrooms were more university-like, but everything seems to be built hurriedly,etc
Great school, horrible parking situation.
Terrible overrated school.
Wow! There is too much to say about this university in 350 characters or less, so rapid fire... Social life? Dismal because of Greek life. Housing? Cockroaches. Food? Standard. The city? Boring unless you like dressing up and going to horse races. Campus? Pretty. Weather? It's the worst. Financial aid? Hahaha! Overall, you'll feel like walking $$$.
I loved UK! The campus is pretty. There are plenty of things to do so you can never be bored. The classes and quality of professors are good. Most people are friendly. Lexington is a wonderful city! Parking sucks. I did not gain the freshman 15 because I had to walk everywhere (but that's good!). Campus food sucks but off-campus is really good!
This university is a huge transition from a public high school. Be prepared to study and work hard for your grades. The College of Agriculture is fantastic and I would highly recommend it.
I feel like this campus only cares about the money they get from you being on campus. Your education is the last thing on their minds. I'm going to become a high school teacher when I graduate and if a students ever asks about my thoughts of UK, it will all be negative.
I basically love it here, and I have for two years!
Love UK great people, nice campus, excellent profs, safe environment.
I love UK! Great atmosphere that has a southern charm! Everyone here has the attitude of the typical south: welcoming and kind, but at the same time extremely passionate.
Love this school! I'm so happy I decided to go here!
Greek life runs everything
UK is the best.
I love the school! Came from out of state and it's made me fall in love with Kentucky. Love the southern hospitality. There are plenty of southern belles and the culture of Lexington is incredibly rich. The horse-racing/basketball are unparalleled. Couldn't have asked for a better situation.
GO CATS!
An excellent school that is way underrated in terms of academics. Beautiful campus in a beautiful city with beautiful women. Athletics create a sense of community on campus. Lexington is the perfect college town. Couldn't imagine being anywhere else.
good
If you aren't in Greek life, definitely be a part of a group you are passionate about.
JOIN GREEK LIFE
It is absolutely amazing! The campus is beautiful and very well kept. There are plenty of activities to participate in and the location is great! Most professors are great and there to help, and there are plenty of options to get help if needed. Overall an amazing school!
It's amazing here.
UK is great in all aspects: academics, athletics, greek life, etc.
Beautiful school,largest college library in america only second to harvards, big campus, cold winter, dreat basketball. nuff said.
Great teachers, great social life, great sports.
Not a school for out of state kids, dorms suck (unless you get into the new ones), get into greek life or else you're lame, frat parties are soo lame, sports are huge, get involved in something, professors are always open to meet up in their office hours, they are helpful most of the time, gen ed lectures are massive, food is okay
Great school, lots to get involved, definitely check her for professors!!
good
Love my school
Greek life is huge here. IF you hate the south then I would not recomend it. The campus is undergoing a huge overhaul and the new dorms are so nice! UK has something for everyone. P.S. Parking and dining suck
The campus is beautiful but very large.
It's expensive considering it's a public University.
Awesome
KTower is not that bad. Be sure to take advantage of different food places on campus. Going to the same place all the time gets pretty bad.
Great school!!  Greek life is awesome here!  Sports are exciting and so much fun.
LOVE THIS SCHOOL.
If you are not ages 18 - 22 know you will not fit in.  There is no support here, no help for the non-traditional student.
So proud to bleed blue! As I wrap up my 11th and final year at the University of Kentucky (4 undergrad, 4 dental school, 3 specialty),  I am overwhelmed by a sense of gratitude.
I regret choosing a school in such a crappy city. Cars are overflowing, driven by reckless 18 yr olds. Education is thorough but they make you take a lot of useless classes. Teachers are relatively good. If youre looking for a relaxing experience don't come here. Go to a smaller school that isnt located in a industrialized concrete jungle.
I love the teachers in my field the most, chemical engineering.
Coming to UK was the best decision I've ever made. I got a job Freshman year and have worked with great people at UK ever since. There are endless opportunities no matter what your interests are. Campus is beautiful and is only getting better with new dorms and dining areas being added. Come to UK!
I bleed blue.
Go Cats!
I love UK
This school is great! I can't imagine being anywhere else and especially in the middle of the greatest tradition in college basketball surrounded by all the best fans in the nation! Go Big Blue!
Loved my experience at UK
This campus has been an enriching environment and I feel as if I am being challenged to become the best person I possibly can everyday
Besides parking, UK is great. Beautiful campus, awesome professors, and a rising reputation. UK is a great school with a lot to offer. It is big, but if doesn't feel like it.
Perfect!
Internet could be better and parking sucks.   GO CAT!
Although U.K. may not be widely recognized as a University with a strong academic record, the knowledge and experiences I gained while at U.K. were priceless. The Board of Trustees loves the student body and wants to make the school a better place for everyone. U.K. is definitely going in the right direction. Proud to be a Wildcat!
good school
Great
Love my school. Go Cats
Regret choosing UK. The social life was average and there is not much to offer unless you go greek. But the education was great
If you aren't from Kentucky or the south and like southern hospitality go somewhere else. People can be rude and you'll be lame if you're not greek and don't join a clique. Party life is boring
Love UK
I'm just a Freshman but out of the 5 colleges that I was looking at attending (UK, UoL, Georgetown, MSU, and Centre) I definitely wouldn't want to be anywhere else but here. Campus is large, but extremely beautiful. Food is average, and Parking sucks. But the quality of education, the hype of sports, and the feeling of campus? Perfection.
Definitely do a campus visit before making your choice. The Reynolds buildings are very run down and we see homeless people all the time. Main campus is pretty safe. It''s hard to make friends here. A lot of people come in with friends already or join a fraternity or sorority. It''s unclear where you can use meal swipes and it''s a long walk for food.
I really enjoy UK. The professors that I have had are pretty awesome and knowledgeable about the subject matter. I could not imagine going anywhere else. Plus, the library is huge and there are a lot of resources.
I came to UK from the west coast and couldn't have made a better choice. Campus is beautiful, people are friendly, and the academics are challenging.
It's a beautiful campus, located in an easy to navigate and perfectly sized city that has plenty to do. Moderate crime level.  Wide selection of classes, and the professors are good. My only complaint is that if you aren't involved in a sorority or fraternity, it may be difficult to make friends. Not a lot of diversity here.
You have to get out of your shell to make friends. Being a part of a club or social group is a big help. The professors are generally great, with some exceptions. 101 classes are actually pretty rough. It's really pretty, very clean, and half of campus  is under construction. But it's home, and it's great. We all bleed blue. We're all connected.
no
UK is the best in that nation #bbn
People are rude. I have seen people drop things, everyone walks on by and no one helps them. Waiting for a busshuttle, most people ignore you if you try to ask them a question, such as, "do you know when the next is?" There is no common courtesy. People push past each other. Do not say sorry when they bump into you. Not personable, but selfish.
UK is in such a great city. The dorms are nice, there are plenty of food options available with a meal plan, and there are so many classes to choose from. There are hundreds of clubs and organizations to join and Greek Life is a huge part of campus.
UK is my home. I absolutely love everything about it!
Great campus, great teachers and classes, and a great social scene and experiences
Great academics and enough social.
Everything you'd expect from a state school in Kentucky. Half or more of the students would probably be better served not going to college. Campus is meh, town is dull, and the professors are brilliant people without an ability to actually teach. But ample research opportunities, great specialized programs, and thank goodness it's so cheap.
Swag swag
Love the campus and (most of) the people. Don't let the large class sizes freshmansoph. year turn you away, my classes as a junior have only 20 people at the most. Internet is terrible, as are all UK webpages. Food is expensive. Social life is great in lexington, but the school doesn't offer many ways for non-Greek life students to socialize.
Fratastic and so sorat. Teachers suck until you get out of general ed and transportation sucks most days
Honestly it's a waste of money.
Internet is rough, food is generally unhealthy though there is a fair amount of variety, and that's about all the negative I can say. Overall, everyone seems to love it here for every reason. The only reason I would ever shy someone away would be also it is a bit pricey, but the education is fantastic!
Moved from Ohio to attend UK... BEST decision of my life. AMAZING SCHOOL! I've never seen so much school spirit!
It's a nice place. Definitely not the best but far from the worst.
Great school. Awesome sports and fans. Perfect size greek life. Lots of clubs. Dorms and dining just updated. State-of-the-art library. Safe campus transportation options. Parking is difficult. Longest walk you'd have to make is 25 min, and thats rare, the average is probably 10 if you live on campus.
Overall, pretty good school.
Frats and sororities are a huge part of UK. Get involved in a club and making friends should be easier. The bars in this town are basically just frat or sorority hangouts with the better bars being much farther from campus. People generally keep to themselves and the school does not host any social events after the first week of classes.
UK is literally what you make of it. there's always something to go to on campus, and the people, for the most part, are quality.
The University of Kentucky is a great school and all the opportunities for anything you could ever be interested in, are available.
University of Kentucky has everything you have ever wanted in a collegeuniversity. There are a ton of clubs to get you involved and to find your group of friends. Everyone is very friendly and help is easy to find. Third safest campus in the US I believe. The library is life. You will love it, and it makes studying a lot easier. AWESOME!
I really like UK. It's a great place to make yourself, though I wouldn't live in Lexington forever. I've met amazing people in the Honors program here and, as a freshman, I'm already doing undergraduate research and I feel like I'm on top of the world.
UK is a great school overall, in most ways. There are a few things to be desired, the meals could be better, and there's a pompous air to the place. But I've enjoyed my time here so far.
I love the campus and the people here. So glad I picked UK.
Leaving my hometown and getting away was one of the best decisions I could have made. Lexington is a bigger city with a small town feel. Between the sports teams, Keeneland, and all the social clubs on campus there's always something to do. Just make sure you put yourself out there to meet people and get involved in something!
LOVE THIS CAMPUS! I'm from florida, and i don't even miss home! just get out there and make friends !
Go Cayuts!
we rage
Bourbon, Horses, and Bastetball!
UK was the best choice I could have made as a transfer student from Minnesota.
Greek life is a big deal but just because you aren't into it, doesn't mean you still can't have fun.
Absolutely love UK and everything it has to offer!
There's no place better to be than Lexington, Kentucky in the spring when the whether and the basketball team is heating up. Lexington as a city is niche, leans left, and has a very "main street" working ethos to it. Infrastructure is visually unappealing, two big buildings. Projected finish of campus construction will balance it out
Beautiful, well rounded school. Keep your couch under lock and key during Basketball season!
Great Campus with amazing school spirit
If you aren't in the Greek community, expect that you will have a much harder time doing anything on campus. I would also recommend everyone to live on campus for at least a year because it helps you make friends that will help you through your time at UK.
I really enjoy the University of Kentucky and have found the education, researchcareer opportunities, and student involvement programs to go beyond what I expected!
It's a great school, caters to traditional students so if you're a non-traditional student it's lonely. Very clean campus
couldn't be happier with my choice
The campus culture tastes of the south, and that is not for everyone. However, I strongly suggest going Greek if you decide to attend UK. This decision will provide you with the most valuable thing at UK a network, and a maybe a few close friends. The campus facilities are good and getting better. Unfortunately Gatton is not highly recruited from.
I love UK! This school is amazing and in such a great location! You feel super safe walking anywhere on and off campus at any time!! People are so nice and the social life is amazing! Go to UK, you won't regret it :)
UK is a university with lots of opportunities but tons of construction. However, Lexington as a city is fantastic.
Great atmosphere. Great academics, great athletics. Lexington is a beautiful, quaint, historic city with an awful lot to do. Horse racing is a must. GO CATS!
Campus is beautiful and safe. The library is technologically and interior designed better than I've seen any other building on a campus period. It's exquisite. Greek life and sports are prominent but if you aren't into that there is plenty more to do. I'm a pre-med major and have LOVED my experience with healthcare here so many opportunities.
I would make the same decision 100 times in a row.  It is the perfect mix of a big school where you can still make a name for yourself and get to know people.  Definitely go Greek, Greek life runs campus and fills your social calendar.
Great place to receive your degree
Better than any other college in the state.
I love the campus and in the spring it's so beautiful!
I love the campus. It is very nice and is situated near downtown and isn't far from the mall. I feel safe and accepted here. It is easy to get around and there are more than your fair share of food options. Construction is going on everywhere right now though so be ready for that.
This campus is beautiful all year round.  There are people always walking around making it look lively and fun.  The buildings are pretty to look at inside and out.  Overall, I think this campus is amazing and I enjoy going to this college.
Better schools to be found.
Go cats! Best place ever.
