There's a reason I'm the sixth person in my immediate family to go here, and it's not just because of family legacy. The school is beautiful, classic, and full of southern charm. Lexington is a great mix of rolling horse farms and urban fun. The perfect place to go to college. (and who doesn't look good in UK blue?)
UK is the best college ever, the social activities will blow your mind and the professors care about you.
There are some things that UK could make better but you will never find a school that is 100% perfect. The second I set foot onto campus I fell in love with everything, including the imperfections!
I love this school but the food isn't that good and the bar life could be better. Overall I'm very happy going here. go cats!
Love this school. Make sure you like greek life though.
the campus is beautiful
I love the university, the see blue spirit. The Johnson Center is great. Lexington is a charming city.
Growing up in Kentucky I loved nothing more than Kentucky Basketball and now that I am a Student Athlete here it is amazing, Great opportunities for everyone, little quaint and very spread out but there is a lot to do! Go CATS!
It's not the best in terms of academics, but it's definitely not the worst.  You get decent teachers (at least in engineering) and the campus is pretty.  Imo, Lexington is the perfect size for a university.
GO CATS
A lot of construction going on but the I have loved this campus since I first visited.
I'm only here because they gave me a great scholarship, but I'm honestly so glad I chose it. I've been given so many opportunities by professors and organizations and met some awesome people. If you don't care about sports at all, don't worry. You're not alone. #1 piece of advice: GET INVOLVED!!!
By far the most amazing school experience. So glad I chose to attend here. It was well worth it
Love this school and love this campus, even with the sketchy internet!
Perfect Univeristy
I think UK is awesome! I have loved it here!
I really enjoy being a student at the University of Kentucky. It is truly a unique experience that cannot be compared to the other public universities.
Overall, UK IS a good school but the biggest problem it faces is locations. Dorms are on the outskirts of campus, and parking lots are even farther out. You can pay $200 to park a mile+ from the main class buildings or pay $400 to park half a mile away. Construction  is frequent and intrusive, as most buildings are very old and need replacement.
I love UK, classes are great, not as big as you would think. All of my professors are easily reached, everything is in walking distance, and the city is so much fun!
Best choice of my life! Love it here. Gorgeous grounds! Lexington is such a quaint city. Wonderful experience and I know I'm going to be the best nurse after leaving here! (:
Love the school. Been dreaming to go here as a kid. I have got denied four times and made it in on my fifth try
UK has great athletics to match there academics but also has the best atmosphere of any campus I've been on. From the second I set foot on campus I fell in love.
If you come here as a freshman, stay in a dorm and meet as many people as possible
The food's 3 stars. The library's are awesome study areas. The dorms are updating, gotta find your friends here.
This school is so much fun, and anyone would be lucky to come here
Really the best decision I could've made. I chose to stay in state for kees money but its such a big school I feel like I really stepped up. Get involved in something, greek life, band, club sports, SGA, just put yourself out there to make friends. Once you have meetingspractices to attend you'll really feel you belong and meet so many people.
University of Kentucky is a place to have fun as well as get your education. It is the best place to be during basketball season and offers many opportunities if you surround yourself with the right people. Coming from Hawaii, I was afraid I would feel alone but I can honestly attest to the idea that UK has a place for everyone  to belong!
I love this school so much.
UK is the bomb dot com i came here and it blew my expectations away. Couldn't be happier. And our basketball team is amazing which means when march madness comes its like no other place on earth here
One thing that sucks about campus is the parking situation; most students have to park in the stadium parking lot and walk across campus since the buses don't run as often as they are said to.
I freaking love this campus, I would not want to be anywhere else. But if you are going to visit don't do it around finals week because you will think everyone looks miserable, but then again that is the same with every college.
UK has become my home and I am so happy I chose it.
best campus everrrrr
I love the University of Kentucky!
Had a rough start at the beginning of the year.
Because of the construction that seemed to go on for all of my 4 years, I feel like the campus was never designed for us, instead people 3-4 years from now will enjoy it more. Parking is bad, construction is crazy.
They are trying very, very hard to improve their reputation and facilities. The students a few years from now will have amazing stuff, but we have a lot of construction sites. The library is loud and dining services is a joke, but it's a solid institution that will be an excellent one in a few years' time.
Good campus, Lexington is a nice place to live. It's just the right size. The usual mouth breathers but you can meet some really cool people, mostly are friendly.
Great school for a learning atmosphere. Quiet town during the weekdays, always something to do on weekends. Good professors, and beautiful grounds. Only weakness is is its not a big deal unless you're from KY.
The campus is going to beautiful, but right now there is construction going on. Internet could be better but works well. I love my school and am so happy I chose UK!
I love this school and everything it has to offer! Go cats!
LOVE KENTUCKY. BBN!!
This school is a nightmare. I just came here from NY to be closer to my family. The people here are boring and quite rude. I came down to a either UK or UofL. I clearly made a mistake.
Freshman year it was alright, but went downhill FAST. Students are cattle. Since I graduated it's gotten worse: tuition has raised to cover unneeded expenses, like a slew of new dorms when there are perfectly serviceable ones already. Current construction is prettify campus to draw in more schmucks while ignoring larger underlying problems.
UK is high spirited, beautiful, and busy. There is always something to do on campus, downtown, or during weekends. The students are prestigious and professors are mostly helpful. The campus is considered large but small at the same time. Regarding clubs, events, and the social atmosphere, it is what you make of it. Guaranteed a good experience.
Amazing school. I love everything about it.
Amazing school with genuine people. Professors generally want to see you succeed and there is always something to do on campus.
Sports and school spirit can't be beat
This school is definitely not for everyone. I came from a small high school and wanted a big college experience and have gotten exactly that. Since it is so big you do have to work harder to distinguish yourself from others, but I think that's an added bonus to help you succeed. Campus is gorgeous, the people are welcoming, Lexington is fabulous.
UK may not be an elite Ivy League institution, but it will give you a solid education. The location is top notch; Lexington is a good medium-sized city and just about the perfect place for a university, and campus itself is great and getting even better with ongoing renovation. And it's hard to imagine another school having a better library.
We might be well-known for our basketball, but we also have a great education program. Greek life is very involved positively on the campus and theirs always an event going on. The University of Kentucky is a very engaged student body.
Don't expect your student voice to be heard, especially in regards to how money is spent. Otherwise, really like it here.
Other than the constant construction it is great!
GO BIG BLUE!!
Love the campus and the people,  for sure my new home away from home!
I have lived in Lexington all my life, so I expected UK to be very boring. In some ways it is, but there are a lot of programs and opportunities here that I never even considered. If you are considering UK, at least know that it is for the most part a quality place to learn and make connections.
I decided to move from Ohio to Lexington, KY for college and attend the University of Kentucky and to this day it has been the greatest decision of my life. I love the school, people, and atmosphere of UK and you cannot forget about the basketball! All in all it is a great school and I am so happy to live here!
Great community
G R E A T
The University of Kentucky is a great school to attend. UK has a plethora of classes and majors to choose from with exceptional medicine, pharmacy, engineering, and agriculture colleges. I have truly enjoyed the past three years at UK and could not imagine attending any other university.
The University of Kentucky is an awesome place to go to college. Lexington has a lot to do including horse racing, microbreweries/distilleries, sports, and great restaurants. UK's major and class options are numerous and the school is currently investing heavily in undergraduates.
LOVE UK! Go Cats am I right?
awesome!
I like it here. Its nice.
I absolutely love it here and I wouldn't want to be anywhere else
it's an alright place.
I'm a commuter, I live in an apartment 20 minutes from campus and I am from Northern Kentucky. Its hard getting involved because a lot of things are not really advertised so you end up having to going to search for them. Whether that be on UKY website or just asking around.
Best decision ever made
December 2018
UK is a great school if it has exactly what you want. Great social life, greek life, and athletics.
I love this school! The professors are great. If you're not a part of Greek life it can get pretty lonely and can be hard to make friends, but overall UK is an awesome school.
UK is a great school! Professors really care about students and are overall friendly. There's always something to do on campus. Overall, it's a really great atmosphere to live in.
I'm a Lexington native and I knew what to expect going into UK almost four years ago. UK is a good school if you prefer large state schools with a very fratty, sports-centered culture. There is a lot of options to get involved, which is good. This school is good, but it's not for everyone.
There are plenty of opportunities and the campus looks nice but everything is hard to find and get to. How things are run can be a little complicated and inconvenient too.
Couldn't imagine going anywhere else
Great people, beautiful campus
Great people, great professors, lots of majors and the library is awesome. Also there's basketball.
Great people, great professors, lots of majors and the library is awesome. Also there's UK basketball.
UK is a fantastic school and I wouldn't trade being a wildcat for anything. I love it here and it is by far one of the best decisions I have ever made. I can't complain, I love it here!!!
Being from California, I was so nervous to move across the country to go to school but University of Kentucky quickly became my home away from home. There are so many opportunities to get involved in and find networking connections. The campus is beautiful and it is a perfect location being so close to downtown and the horse farms all at once.
I'm a senior, been at UK for 3 years. I really like it. I think there's probably better schools and whoever makes decisions doesn't seem to care about the students, only the sports. But the campus itself is great, tons of clubs, even a KPOP dance team which is so cool. Good curriculum and reputable. Beautiful campus, well, past the construction.
The campus is huge right in the middle of Lexington, take that as you will. You can get lost in buildings and opportunities here- literally any major is here. Greek life runs the streets. Housing is top notch but expensive. Legendary for football and basketball and campus is WILD on game day. If you want to get lost in the experience, this is it.
The university's campus is beautiful. Admittedly, Greek life is very important at the school and those who run the clubs and organizations are almost all part of a fraternity or sorority. While UK is not known for being the most prestigious school academically, it makes up for it with it's well-respected athletic program. CATS BY 90
The University of Kentucky is a growing famous that that is in the heart of Lexington. I have lived in Lexington all my life and absolutely love it here. Lexington is a midsized town and has both "big city" and "small town" feel. UK has been in the process of campus-wide renovations, which is making this old University have a more modern feel. #BBN
You are in the city on north campus, but go towards south campus and you can get away from the hustle and bustle a bit. It's in the heart of horse country which means there is always something fun to do, not to mention all the football and basketball hype. People really do bleed blue here and the campus atmosphere is amazing. Greek life rules all
UK is great but only really great if you are part of the greek life.
Strong community with friendly students.
UK is more concern about parking then education.
UK is full of wonderful opportunities if you're willing to put yourself out there, and for the most part, the student body is very well-connected. However, the constant tuition hikes and construction all over campus have made for a decreasingly enjoyable experience as time passes. I have liked it here - but won't be sticking around for grad school.
It's the closest thing to a community college without being a community college. I spent three semesters at UK before transferring to Boston University. Lexington is perhaps the most boring "metropolitan" city in the country. There is literally nothing to do there. Student body is terrible, awful academic support structure, and not worth the price.
A great school with an even greater school spirit!
High school: Part II
Lexington always has things going on, whether it's downtown or on campus. The campus is beautiful and the new construction will be worth it once it is done. I was able to make friends very easily, even as an out of state student that knew no one. The faculty seems genuinely interested in our well-being. There's something for everyone here. Love it.
great!!!!!
I am really happy and really proud that I get to go to the University of Kentucky. The tuition isn't that bad, but the campus is amazing. UK is in the heart of downtown Lexington, so there are a ton of great restaurants and places to go on and off campus, so pretty much anything you need is within walking distance. There is a lot of construction.
The campus is great and has a lot of oppotunities! It would be better if I just had time to take advantage of them!
Beautiful campus! GO CATS!
The school is perfect for those who is looking for the ideal college experience.
Beautiful campus, friendly people, lively sports culture. Tons of clubs, some oddball, some generic. The new meal plan system is terrible, but the food's OK. Altogether I would say this is my home away from home; all I'd change is the wind. Being from a cold but mountainous area, the bite of a high mph wind and the raining sideways thing is weird.
LOVE UK! It's amazing here! Although it's not home, it's my home away from home. I don't really like the food here. The Fresh Food Company kind of sucks but everything else is pretty good. I'm not a very social person so I don't get out much but my dorm is beautiful and very cozy. Plus! The campus is huge and I love it!
UK wastes so much effort on amenities to attract new students that their academics suffer. Unless you spend a lot of time on campus you're vastly overspending for the education you receive. Good for people still living off their parents I guess.
I like the diversity in this  school. I also like how approachable the staff are and they are always willing to help.
Awesome campus. PSA: Don't wear a rival university's shirt unless you want to be shunned on your way to class.
UK has become my home away from home and I love it. From AMAZING residence halls to over 500 clubs and organizations, there's no place I would rather spend my 4+ years of college. Tour the campus, and I bet you'll fall in love with it too!
It's so much more than basketball. So many opportunities in a beautiful small city.
I love this place. I'm more of an introvert so I can't really speak much to the social side of UK, but everything I deal with on a daily basis is awesome. The campus is beautiful, there are a ton of opportunities to simultaneously build your résumé and grow as a person, and we have a basketball team that could beat the 76ers. What's not to like?
I love lexington and the University of kentucky.  There are infinite opportunities here. If you can't find them, you aren't looking.
Lexington is a great city to live in and UK is a wonderful place to learn.
Since coming to UK, I have had countless opportunities to succeed, travel, attend concerts for free, and so much more. All professors in the fine arts department are extremely helpful, supportive, and warm. As a university in my hometown, I was not planning on attending UK-but not a day goes by that I wish I hadn't!
In English, the professors have been so helpful in sending out emails with potential internship/job/volunteer opportunities. Had a hard time finding lesbians to be friends with, but I haven't had anyone harass me or discriminate. Greek life is pretty big here which can be annoying if you're not into that. Overall I'm enjoying my time here at UK!
The University is not "that" bad but it's almost impossible to have good opportunities if you are a graduate student in the humanities. You only hear people complaining about financial cuts and TAs only make $1200 a month for 9 months. Forget awards, travel grants, scholarships because, apparently, they all go to medicine, engineering and sciences.
I love the University of Kentucky for a lot of reasons.  First of all, research opportunities with professors are EVERYWHERE.  You can literally sign up for important research as a Freshman, which is important to me.  The libraries (especially Willy T) are perfect for studying.  I can always find an empty spot, even during midterms and finals!
UK is an amazing campus. It really reflects on the students. Everything is clean and the energy is very positive, especially on basketball game days!
UK is the best decision  have ever made. You will meet lots of people, they are starting to build new and cool places. The dorms are practically apartments now!
I am absolutely in love with the University of Kentucky. That's all I have to say. GO CATS!!!
Lovely campus, tough classes, but an overall nice place to be.
I love the choice I made. Wish they had a Quidditch team though!
Overall, I really like UK. However, there are a lot of things that need to be worked on. Limited parking, too much construction and poor dining choices worked by rude people.
For parties, expect to be Greek if you're a guy
I love it here. Being from Ohio, people just seem nicer and smile more. I wish the bars would stay open past 2:30 though.
Overrated school. Poor teaching methods, too many students come here just to party, emphasis not on academics, but socializing. The only department that gets money is math and science. Not enough interesting classes. You get treated badly if you don't "swing" with the party scene. Not enough academic clubs. Too much crime on campus (rape, gunshots)
I absolutely love UK. The student life is one-of-a-kind and I would not want to attend anywhere  else to get my undergraduate degree-other than UK law school! Couldn't say enough great things.
I went greek and I found a majority of my friends outside my sorority. I love UK, and all my friends so much and I'm so sad I won't be there to choke down whatever they have cookin at the 90 for the next 3 months. Theres not much to do for guys, though, unless they go greek or they have connections. Go greek if you want more opportunities 2 party.
I wish classes were smaller.  I feel lost in classes with so many students.  But its all about taking our money.  Tired of mopeds being stolen and students being robbed.  Pretty campus but not worth it to stay here when there are so many other nicer and safer schools to choose from.
UK is buzzing with energy & spirit. Not only are the people friendly, the campus is constantly improving & beautiful. There are so many new building and new opportunities each year. I love my classes lead by passionate professors. Lexington is the best of farms and downtown city life. The basketball games are an experience second to none. C-A-T-S!
Spirit and pride like none other. Best of both words with horse farms on one side of you and downtown on the other. Plenty to get involved in-especially volunteer work & greek life & in Lex in general. I feel very safe on campus & the students are made very aware of the resources. Willy T. Library is huge. Brand new dorms. BASKETBALL. 100% love it.
I only went to UK for a year, but my time there was terrible. The classes were awful, the professors lacked confidence in their instruction, and the students made the atmosphere horrendously unbearable. It was not a good choice for me. After only 2 semesters, I transferred to Boston University (A&S, 2015). I hope the school has improved since then.
UK ROCKS!
GO CAYTS
A beautiful land grant institution, friendly people, and laid back atmosphere.  With a little effort you can find GREAT professors whose teaching style you'll like, NOT as likely in your first two years, however, just slug it out to get through the bigger classes, BETTER CLASSES and truly enjoyable, intellectually stimulating times ahead !
I love this campus!!! Great atmosphere and great people. Beautiful buildings and lots of places to eat. Big library and plenty of space to walk around. Only downside is parking but you can't expect much for a university in the middle of a city and they try to make it bearable. Would recommend! I love being a wildcat!!!
Love UK! GO CATS.. the basketball is amazing and the school itself has great facilities and opportunities
Awesome.
I LOVE UK. Well I love everything except for the construction everywhere right now. IN a few years it will be amazing though. I dread graduating.
I ABSOLUTELY LOVE IT HERE! I'm originally from the Midwest and thought that the distance would be an issue. But, honestly, UK feels like home (and it's only been my third week of freshman year)!
It's a good campus!! Very green
i love love love Uk
If you aren't a part of Greek life, it's not much fun. People  care more about parties than education and that can make class difficult. Teachers are okay. Classes are challenging but not too awful. There's construction everywhere which makes the campus look bad and the new buildings are killing the amount of green space on campus.
I love UK! They're improving all the time! I am so proud to go here and have several of my friends go here, too. It's beautiful and being largely renovated. I only give their safety "Use Good Judgement" because no college campus is completely safe and women should always use their best judgment anywhere. I will be going to medical school here, too!
UK is a great place to come to college. Especially if you want to be in a sorority or fraternity because it seems like everyone you meet is in one. Mostly everyone is friendly with the occasional jerk. To get from one place to the other is a lot shorter than you think making it seem like the perfect size for those who can't decide on college size.
Its just alright but if you are not in a frat or sorority then your nobody
Lexington is a great city for a university like UK, pretty easy to make friends.
Tons of construction everywhere. And the dorms... you will think you're living in a five star hotel (lacking the room service). With the 'traditional' dorm types discontinued, the most common dorm type includes: separate bedrooms, granite counters, personal bathroom, TEMPURPEDIC MATTRESS, classrooms in dorms, & more.
I'm in the Equine degree program and if you're interested in horses this is the place to be.
its lit
i love it here... the parties are fun... very difficult to focus on school work if you are involved in greek life. LEARN TO BALANCE YOUR SCHEDULE ASAP. food is pretty good on campus & there are plenty of places to go if you're willing to walk some. highly recommend uk. i wouldn't want to be anywhere else... with the exception of the beach.
Like most campuses, UK is currently undergoing a facilities arms-race along with other Kentucky universities. Therefore, you can expect to always run into maintenance and construction. Recently, UK dining was sold to Aramark, and I have noticed a significant drop in food quality since that time. Otherwise, I like my school and all my teachers.
Overall a great place to be. Most of the professors are great even with the occasional bad apple you'd get anywhere. If you're a sports fan basketball here is obviously amazing and football is on the rise, plus you get into everything but those two for free. Internet could be better in places, same with food. The dorms and facilities are awesome.
Amazing
best decision I ever made
I love UK!!!!
neat
Couldn't be happier at UK
didn't expect to love it here so much
Needs stronger internet in dorms, takeout spots are great however dining halls could use some more diversity other than just another genre of cooking, some professors definitely need to come off of their pedestal to connect with students and most certainly need to focus on keeping the grades posted.
Instructors need to work on posting grades in a timely manner *cough cough* (Math Dept.)
UK seems to be really moving in a good direction. The online network used for classes, Canvas, is really clean and keeps you organized. myUK more or less is efficient as well. Campus is compact and it's fairly easy to find a place to study or get information. The food situation is rapidly improving with the Tapingo app. Dorms are decent but $$$.
UK is the greatest college to ever have been built. No other school has combined social life, academics, and physical activity in such a masterful way. Do not miss the opportunity to come here.
Beautiful campus but lacking a supportive community of professionals.
Love UK!!!
BBN baby!! Wouldnt want to go anywhere else. The Bluegrass is great, so much to do in Lexington!
UK is genuinely what you make it. As a large research institution, you have the opportunity to delve into your fields of interest and make excellent connections. At the same time, it can be easy to become isolated and lost in the system. Like all colleges, UK is constantly looking to boost profits at the expense of students and it does show.
I love UK, but there is room for improvement, mostly as far as parking goes.
I love going to UK! They're improving all the time; adding a state of the art Student Center next year and near completing their 5 year overhaul of the dorms to rooms that now look you're living in a hotel. Not to mention the various other improvements to infrastructure that are taking place. Solid academics, solid sports, solid campus!
I'm proud of my school
Lots of politics involving people that run the school. Mostly concerned about money rather than students. Absolutely no parking anywhere on campus. Certain teachers are good, others (especially new ones) need more experience. Slim social opportunities unless you are involved in greek life, however the university is not a fan of greek organizations.
A home away from home and everyone here is very nice. Greeklife and basketball is big here, but not overwhelming.
Loved UK
Terrible parking, no social life if you're not Greek, and Lexington is honestly a horrible city. Sports are pretty good though.
Great school, Fix the internet and parking plz
UK is a really wonderful school full of opportunities IF YOU LOOK FOR THEM. Get involved. Parking is trash and so is dining but theres a lot of local restaurants that are pretty good. Greek life is relevant but not huge. Sports are a big deal. Go cats
University of Kentucky is a college that will give you many great opportunities as long you're willing to take them. Work hard, meet great people and pursue success. I've really enjoyed my time here and have made some life long friends. I know you will have a great experience as well. Although I do recommend getting an apartment. Housing is high.
Great students, and campus is very pretty. Pressure to be in a sorority or Fraternity is strong, most people find their close friends through this. It is a big college, but feels smaller the longer you are here (like anywhere). Lots of construction work on campus making it modern and nice but still has some old building that give it charm.
After only being here for one school year I really enjoy it. The internet is spotty in some spots, and the internet in the dorm I was in was really good when it was working, The food is good but can get really repetitive. (Taco Bell multiple times a week when it's right next to your dorm.)  It's a good school. That's basically it.
It's a beautiful campus, and has lots to offer. A fair to good institution academically, UK sits in the heart of campus. The school does have lots to offer when it comes to social fun, and both football and basketball (men's and women's) are wildly popular. Campus is a bit spread out which can make classes annoying to get to if not centralized.
This university was the perfect fit for me.
Super good school!
Great  campus  and faculty.
A great expirience
Some aspects could be worked on but in general, I love this school!
It is a great school
Great school. Some things could be improved but overall its a great university
Attending UK is the best decision I ever made. The professors are fantastic and the campus is gorgeous. I truly feel at home.
Atmosphere is awesome at UK. Great sports environment, and tons of ways to get connected to social groups, greek or otherwise. Classes are a good level of difficulty without being impossible. Opportunity is everywhere. As an engineering student, the faculty in my department are super enthused about individual success.
No parking too crowded
DUDE PARKING HERE DOESNT EXIST. It takes me 30 mins to walk from my dorm to my first class. UK makes no effort to be accommodating to students. We pay out the ass to attend and also for a parking pass and then theres no where to park. also you pa for that parking but if UK has a chance to make money IE. football games you loose your parking.
I loved going to the University of Kentucky. I had an amazing experience. They have made many upgrades around campus since I graduated.
The campus is a bit large, which is to be expected. I would suggest investing in a bike
It's nice!
Get INVOLVED!! Honestly I don't think the school advertises about all the events happening around campus, but there's always something going on. You just gotta be proactive and have some fun.
You couldn't pay me to repeat my experience. The campus is HUGE. Getting to various classes required a bike they were so far apart. I majored in Natural Resource Conservation. The workload and stress was ridiculous. I was constantly working and had no time to be social. Also Lexington is not a great city. It's very hectic and polluted.
I LOVE being a student at UK
Everyone complains about the walk to classes being long, but honestly it's no more then a 15-20 min walk to any of your classes if you live on campus.
I love being a UK student! A big school isn't for everyone, and neither is a mid-level city. Some say it's too quiet, some say too populated, I say just right! Easy to walk to the shopping and food downtown, classic college campus vibe, BEAUTIFUL facilities. Only downside is food and parking, but I made it 3 years without a car just fine! GO CATS!
The University of Kentucky was one of the worst schools I have ever attended. The atmosphere was trash and everyone was stuck up and rude. If you aren't involved in Greek life or come already with a group then say goodbye to a social life. Classes were so spaced apart and the food lines were horrible. Transferring from here was the best decision.
I transferred from here and I regret it. My only complaint about this school is that they didn't have a film major, so I couldn't stay. I miss it every day.
Great school besides that the parking sucks, not a lot of food options and the lines are terrible.
Very cliquey, does you good to integrate yourself (there are tons of ways to). Campus can be hard to navigate at first because it's so muddled, but like everything you get used to it. There's always construction going on; the bad thing about that is it's obnoxious, the good news is nicer facilities for us eventually. Parking/traffic is horrific tho
As a woman of color I would not recommend attending UK. As a person who was born and raised in a big city (i.e Chicago, LA, NY) I would not recommend Lexington. As a person who came to UK not knowing what I wanted to do, and still doesn't know but got a degree just because I had a scholarship, I would definitely advise NOT TO ATTEND UK. I hated it.
Absolutely one of the most underrated schools in the US. Even though this place is known for its sports, the academic opportunities here are amazing as long as you seek them out. UK is the embodiment of the college experience, and you'll love it here if you decide to come.
Kentucky isn't all bad. With a positive mindset and an nice attitude you'll make friends & enjoy it. This state is still considered the south so people and the flow of how things work are fairly slow for those who are from more lively places (ex: north or city-areas)-which a lot of out of state students are from so you could find variety of vibes
cats by 90
Lots and lots of social events.
UK is an amazing school, but remember that opportunity is only seen if you make it seen.
Great campus friendly staff
Words cannot express how much I love UK. Granted, it is a huge campus, but becomes easy to navigate and there are always faculty walking around who will help you find where to go the first week of school. Fantastic president, very personable faculty and professors, and awesome student life. My only qualm is the parking: its terrible!
It's awesome.
Lexington is a fantastic location for UK. People are friendly and it's much easier than you would think to find smiles.
UK is alright. Im from Michigan, so it kinda has a UMich feel on a smaller scale.
UK is fabulous. Lots of compassionate faculty, plenty of student resources. Everything on campus is geared towards the student experience. Anything you want to get involved with, you can. Campus is beautiful. Parking sucks, though. Recommend living on campus or walking distance. For dining, Tapingo app is a must! <3 Lexington <3 UK
honestly i live off campus and its only a 20 minute walk to class. even if you live farther there are bus systems that take you to campus. safety just depends on where you live. campus itself is super safe though. there's a lot to do between sporting events, k week, finals week activities, etc. the only thing that sucks a lot is parking.
Not a bad school. I partied a lot when I was there because the classes were relatively easy for me (I was a liberal arts major though). Hard to adjust if you're not in Greek life though since the Greek system is so big. I wound up transferring, and the classes are significantly harder at my new school. My time at UK wound up being really fun.
