Awful school
I love UK. I have had the time of my life. I am very involved in and off campus in various activities. I doubled majored, and decided to stay here for medical school. Lexington is also a great city with the best of both works: city and college town.
I am an international student and just love Kentucky and love UKY!
UK has become a second home.
Lots of perks, few flaws of UK but coming from out of state its a really good school, just expensive!!
Pretty Cool
UK is unreal. Student housing is arguably the best in the country, Truly care about their students and offer help whenever needed, Beautiful campus in lexington with a ton of entertainment available, Greek system is traditional SEC so awesome, the colleges strive to make you as successful as possible. Unlimited opportunities to be involved#Catsby90
It's a good place be study
I have no idea why our food rating is so low. We have over 25 restaurants ON CAMPUS and many restaurants off campus in Lexington also allow us to use our plus accounts. There is always something to do here, it is not hard to get involved with anything you desire. There is a club or team for EVERYTHING you can imagine.
Excellent with dietary needs.
I absolutely love UK. Beautiful campus, caring professors, clubs galore, amazing Greek system with a place for everyone, ALWAYS something going on or get involved in. Lexington is beautiful, and there's so many things to do.
University of Kentucky! Almost everything is under construction, the food is terrible (thanks aramark), great classes, cool professors, awesome basketball team it's a mostly great place to be.
It is an okay school in the SEC. If you want a more 'SECy' school, there are much better options. Also, the classroom space leaves a lot to be desired.
There is so much to do in Lexington, and if you do somehow get bored there are surrounding cities not too far like Nashville and Cincy. The campus is absolutely beautiful! There used to be a ton of construction, but the student center is almost complete!! I love love this school and came all the way from Georgia.
If you are considering anything to do with chemistry, whether that be a biology major or whatever avoid UK at all costs. Quite possibly the worst chem department ever with one of the worst human beings possible April French, don't believe me check out her ratemyprofessor. The chemistry department is awful, which has caused me to switch majors.
its fine
UK is great for the most part. Huge school, lots of classes and clubs, sports make up half the social life. Sometimes feels like you aren't involved at all if you aren't in Greek life though. Lexington is a decent city, has a lot to offer, traffic is terrible. If you like a big school with a big campus, it's great. Overall I enjoy it!!
Best school ever!
Great school!
Food places have definitely improved, especially with the new student center. I love it here. I honestly thought worse of UK before I came here, but I think I was a little too harsh on the place. It's very open, inviting, and easy to get involved. I recommend it as a college to those applying :)
University of Kentucky. I have had such an amazing time here and can say you'll find everything you need socially, academically, and even health-wise. I feel at home and recommend this campus for anyone seeking opportunity. Go Big Blue!
overall good school
I like it here a lot.
UKY is by far the best University in Kentucky.
UK is a decent school for the price, if you are in- state. Make good choices and stay away from the Greek scene. UK is a sports school, so they prioritize their sports programs over academics. Some of their most heavily used classroom buildings are outdated and in need of repair. And technology ( wifi too) frequently fails.
This University is completely underrated!
Classes are hard and its very easy to get distracted .
It's a great school. It should be ranked to top 100 in US.
Breathtaking location/scenery, incredible athletics, numerous clubs and social events for everyone (Greek and not), great dorms, lots of construction, magnificent library and average academics.
I love going here. Some of the facilities are outdated, but the new ones are awesome!! Dorms are great and I love the social life here. The food in the dining halls gets very old. Luckily there's so many other options in or around campus to chose from. Location is beautiful. The parties are fun when they aren't shut down. Academics are very easy.
Definitely recommend UK.
If you are considering going to UK.... Don't. If you care at all about having a fun experience you will regret it immediately. This is from the genius idea to take the student affairs office, eliminate it and and place those responsibilities under academics. The provost in charge of tailgating does not even know his own schools alcohol policy.
UK meets all ideal requirements. I'm from a big city, so I personally think there's nothing to do here except homework or go to parties and it gets super tiring and repetitive at a point.
I love UK! I've yet to have a prof who isn't 100% ready to help me succeed. I love the StemCats program and everything else that UK has to offer.
Love this school. The scenery is beautiful and I really feel involved. The meal plan options could be better and the food at the University buffets is always the same, but apart from that I love it.
UK is a beautiful school with fantastic scenery. The dining halls are alright, don't really cater much to vegans/allergies, but there are lots of other options on campus. There are tons of clubs for everyone to get involved in. The traffic in Lexington though is absolutely horrible M-F, despite the time of day. 30mb/s internet.
They're GREAT!
One of the best schools around! Heavy on involvement and has a great atmosphere.
Love this place.
Transferred here and I am SO much happier. UK is a perfect fit! Beautiful campus, great classes, lots to do, awesome city.
University of Kentucky overall, is a good campus the location of it is easy to access and i'm able to find everything easily. I've only ever heard good about the reputation, although that being said the WIFI here is trash. Campus also has a lot of decent dining options. overall i'm extremely happy with my choice to transfer to UK & would recommend.
They are truly scared of Diversity, hopefully this changes in years to come.
It was my number one choice school, and while some college aspects are just your typical crappiness, its a great school. I have friends from all over the country and even friends from different parts of the world!
It's cool
Great Campus
Beautiful campus, great school. Excellent opportunities especially if you're considering participating in any sort of research. Almost every building on campus is new or recently renovated. Nicer dorms than just about anywhere else.
This is honestly the best university in kentucky! There are so many great opportunities to succeed on this campus and each professor cares about your success!!
The Internet needs to be fixed.
Love UK! Its a great place to study, my mom calls it a resort with homework.
UK has been an amazing home. I absolutely love it here and couldn't imagine attending school anywhere else. I've made amazing friends and had an excellent class experience so far. The dorms are amazing and I've walked across campus at 2am from willy t and felt completely safe. Lexington is amazing, too, & i've never regretted my choice of UK!!
Great campus, beautiful library. Dining hall food gets tiring after a while, but there are plenty of other options. During finals week, it is seriously hard to find a place to study in the library (which is NOT open 24/7). Be prepared to walk at least 5 miles a day to get to your classes! It is quite the workout.
Love attending here!
Been living in Lexington, Kentucky for about 8 years now and I really like this place.
Wifi is the worst I have ever seen. For a university where internet is crucial for success, this university lacks. Otherwise, everything else is fine. Dorms are the best in the state.
The students aren't very friendly, and the professors aren't very personable. The administration/professors don't care about you personally, and it's difficult to receive help for job opportunities, classes, and general questions in all.
this schools cool but go cards
UK is a great school with many, many opportunities available to those willing to take advantage of them.
If you're coming from a big city, there is not much to do here. Unless you're in a frat and think going to the same 3 bars is fun, then you won't have much to do. A great school with many great facilities. Internet is pretty bad. Campus is beautiful and I always feel safe.
Home away from home!
Great school, but the meal plans cost way too much and there is a but of a safety issue.
Research opportunities galore. I've had nothing but kind, caring professors in Psychology, Linguistics, and Spanish. The dorms are state-of-the-art. Truly some of the best in the country. Tons of new buildings; great designs. Always felt safe on campus. Lots of cool events throughout the year. Food is solid. Internet needs improved connection.
I love UK. I transferred here and it was the best choice I could have possibly made. It's a gorgeous campus, everyone is nice, the classes are exactly what I want, and it's the perfect size
Great campus and faculty, awful wifi and food
Great campus but beware if you are a humanities major because the campus is STEM focused.
UK feels like home
It's great
Pretty solid school. I'm here for engineering and for the most part I've been happy. All the renovated buildings are nice, relatively diverse dining options, and a school I'd recommend.
I'm sure professors are great in different departments, but no professor ever made me feel like they cared about me whatsoever. I was just another student. Greek life is overwhelming, and those involved are rude, snobby, and act like they're better than you. You can never get an answer from financial aid. Basically no one is here for the students
I love UK, not too big and not too small. I feel completely safe on campus and in the dorms! the food can be hit or miss, but they have a wide variety of choices! Clubs, sports teams, friends, professors, etc are all around perfect for the university!
I love it here at UK
Another comment said this, but if you're from a city location sucks. There's literally nothing to do here and no public transportation. Srat life isn't the soul of UK but def exclusive. Sports are huge and games are fun to attend. Great dorms, terrible wifi. Lots of research opportunities, but mainly a school for STEM majors.
UK provides lots of opportunities for its students, however it lacks good food and proper safety (especially for women living in campus housing).
Fantastic school. Rigorous classes, but lots of opportunity for help
A great school I really feel like im home on this campus
This is my first time been to Kentucky and I have no regrets of choosing UK as my University. This Uni takes good care of all the students and people in there are always be there to help us. Yet, I found that all the facilities are well cared and quite convenience for students. Cheers ;)
LOVE the University of Kentucky. I am in a sorority and have made so many new friends. The chemistry department here is HORRID, but other than that I love everything about this school! The campus is BEAUTIFUL and well worth the price. Along with brand new dorms that are insanely nice!! Plus the athletics?? GO CATS BBY!!
No. Parking. Anywhere. Parking passes are almost 500 & hourly is $2/hr-dorms are also extremely pricey. If you have a food allergy *do not* live in the dorms. Sororities are eh, most of the fraternities are pretty good. A lot of the professors are very liberal & express it often, so don't get offended by what they say. Overall great school to go to
Great campus, and great location seems to get a safety alert every weekend though. It is a very diverse and well rounded campus, many clubs and opportunities, its all up to the student to join them though!
Great school, Just please work on food at the 90. YUCK
I like it here at the University, however some of the classes are too big and some professors could care less about you, but some treat you like there own kid. Its hard making friends here but other than that its a decent campus
Great school but the internet is the worst I've ever seen. Not good at all but overall, a great school
Great area, opportunities and professors.
Love it
Its UK. You cant go wrong here
I transferred here and it was the best decision of my life. I am so happy here. UK is home.
Uk is a great school, with lots to love. Great dorms(which cost an arm and a led), great environment, great people. I've had tons of fun and couldn't see myself anywhere else. You literally cant go wrong by deciding to attend Uk.
Lexington is a fantastic city that is very safe, just like the campus, and pretty clean. Tons of research opportunities, some research abroad programs even get cancelled because they don't get enough students wanting to go. The wifi is very spotty but usually works ok indoors. WTY Library is amazing, many other nice areas too. Food is mediocre tho.
In my opinion, Uk offers reputable colleges of varying skills and career paths. I am one of many students i know that changed majors in the middle of my current 4 years. Out of all of the students that switched majors, they found exactly what they loved to do, and i thank the multitude of options offered at Uk for that.
the math department well 109 is bad. look no further when doing hw and finding out what they teach you is not on your hw! good luck
Overall, I love it here. It's an amazing school with just so much to offer.
Yay basketball
UK doesn't care much about it students unless it's PR-able. Luckily, that means we have fancy buildings. Unfortunately, it also means a lot of student support services are so-so.
Overall, it is a great school and I am happy with my choice. That being said some departments on the introductory level are not the best. Its as if they are trying to weed out students like its med school when its just general chemistry or math. If you can make it past those to your major specific courses youll find caring professors and staff.
I had planned my entire life to go to The Ohio State University. But something drew me south. And it was the best decision I ever made!
After 3 years here I can say that UK is pretty great. It's by no means perfect, but it's alright. Internet is whack, and the food is alright.
The University is pretty good at least for me. I am from out of state and really enjoy attending the university and its much cheaper compared to other colleges. Greek life is big, sports is big, people are chill, I can't have anything to really complain about.
Be careful if you go to frats. They are NOT the safest place to be. They can be fun, just be careful. The school is also extremely focused on sports and greek life. Sadly, if you want friends you should probably rush.
UK is in a great location. The city of Lexington provides a really awesome home for this campus. There is always something going on whether it be on campus or in the city. They have a numerous amount of clubs and there is truly something for everything. Greek life is important on this campus.
I am from New York and I have always wanted to come to UK ever since I was a little girl. I was known in high school but I did not have any friends. When I came to UK, I made so many new friends. Especially my roommate. If you're thinking about rushing, I 100% recommend it. if you live on central campus, make the walk to champs, its worth it.
i can't wait to go back. uk doesn't even have my exact major, but they still make it work and do their best to help me out. if you put in the time to look for what you want, uk has a lot of resources and opportunities and lots of great faculty members. go cats!
UK is the place to be! Love my campus and everyone I've met there.
If you aren't a student athlete or big into Greek Life, it isn't for you. UK has more egotistical professors than professors who care. If you have any desire to do anything with Accounting, skip this University, the department is one of the worst. Anything to do with Bio or Chem, type in April French, enough said. Wish i could go back 4 years.
good school, food options not great
I don't participate in many social events because I'm always busy but I think there's a lot of them.
There's a lot to do in Lexington and at UK in general. The traffic around Lex is horrible, so you have to be careful but it's bearable. There are a bunch of events happening on campus, even during the pandemic, to ensure that people can get out and meet people. I'm in a sorority which helps a lot, but greek life doesn't overtake the social scene.
Chemistry department is horrible, not helpful and the exams are almost impossible if you are not fast as lightening when it comes to math problems. Biology department is excellent, exact opposite from chemistry.
Covid cause for a lack in social experience. I could have done classes back home instead of spending out of state tuition/room and board for zoom classes.
Amazing campus, great night life, and the sports are unmatched
Given the situation of the world right now, I was very happy with how the semester went. Definitely glad I came here, it's a great choice!
Its honestly what you expect from a large public in-state school. Be weary of the lack of vegetarian and healthy options in the dining halls though!
It's pretty good. Obviously there is room for improvement but it's pretty good overall. For food, I never ate the food at the 90 and just brought my own since I like to cook so that's why I gave it a neutral 3.
