This is a very bad school.  The low quality of the teachers is the worst aspect of this university.
Small, pretty and quaint do not a good college make!
If you can handle attending Barbie University, this is the school for you. Little rich Gossip Girl and Twilight sorority and jock sisters, apply! All else, run away! This school puts an unnatural emphasis on "groupwork" so the unusual number of apathetic airheads going here don't pull down the graduation rate because YOU do much of THEIR work! Yay!
I regret attending this school.  The quality of the instructors is very low, and I feel that this school is a waste of time and money.
Sonoma isn't a huge party school...you're responsible for entertaining yourself. If you need someone to always be dragging you out the door to do something, SSU isn't for you. If you want to have the best experience possible, GET INVOLVED. Join a sorority/fraternity, get a leadership position, get a job, and you'll absolutely love your time here.
its amazing
Great school, no one really knows about it. Great location.
It is a boring school in boring town. Unless you are involved in Greek life, there is nothing for you to do. I am definitely looking to transfer out.
This is by far the best kept secret in California. Sonoma State has such a beautiful campus and the best landscaping I've seen at any college campus. Most of the teachers are quite exceptional and I would recommend this University to anyone. If I can advice one thing it would be; GET INVOLVED.
You'll love it.
A beautiful campus, with the friendliest people ever. It's in a great location in proximity to San Francisco, too!
Best dorms ever and very beautiful campus!
Sonoma is what you make of it. You can either go here, not do anything besides go to class, get bored because you're not doing anything and go home after a year OR you could join one of the hundreds of clubs or get involved with SOMETHING to keep you entertained. As for teachers, "Theres one in every crowd" No school is perfect.
Registration is a very difficult process.  Any non GE courses are only open to specific majors, for example Anatomy is only open to Kinesiology and Nursing majors(I need it as a pre-pharm student but can't get in as Bio major).  The priority registration horribly fails to provide priority making it impossible to graduate on time with many majors.
I have never been more embarrassed about an accomplishment. In the time since I began here,  tuition has increased by roughly 400%, dwindling class availability has effectively eliminated the possibility of a 4 year degree, the staff has gotten more apathetic, and the grounds have been neglected. But SSU has taken every opportunity to bleed me dry.
Tuitions have been raised 640% in under ten years. Next year, they're going up again. SSU is a great school but raising tuitions while permitting adminstrative bloat and non-educational perks like a new student center are reprehensible. It's no longer affordable, so most students are from wealthy families out of area. This isn't how it used to be.
ROPO life is...
This is a very pretty campus. They keep it nice. Dorms are big and beautiful. Teachers so-so. Some good ones, but many not so good. Lots of weird policies. registration not fair - assigned times staggered by some random program? some kids always get early registration times and get classes, some of us do not. C students do well here.
Beautiful Campus!
This quality of education at this school is going downhill. They are lowering unit caps during registration while at the same time increasing how many units classes are. It is impossible to graduate in 4 years even if your major is not impacted. The only good departments are Math, Music, and Nursing. Most professors are good but some are horrible.
I could not have made a better choice!I love Sonoma State because the campus is beautiful, the teachers are amazing, and the music department is top notch.
The teachers aren't really that great, they don't offer enough sections where they should and too many where they shouldn't, the social life is like over half of the focus of the administration even though most people are going to college to learn not be social, the money is distributed in absolutely absurd ways(for more social events, not classes)
College life is what you make of it. I personally love this school and I am so glad I chose it. Yes, it is difficult to get classes, but budget cuts are to blame. There is always something going on around campus, many friendly people, i have made lots of new friends. The food is decent, but there are lots of places off campus.
Do not attend this university. They have continued to cut classes to the point where it is IMPOSSIBLE to get the class you need. Graduating in 4 years is something out of a fiction novel. Plus, tuition has sky rocketed. This place is a waste of time. I'm transferring out.
Love Sonoma! Like the small atmosphere because you really get to know people. Dorms are beautiful and I am glad I lived on campus for 3 years. Class sizes are small making it easier to connect with instructors.
Amazing dorms, and easy accessibility around campus
Just graduated from SSU and I loved my experience here. Like people said before me, going to Sonoma is what you make of it. You can sit at home and complain about how boring it is,or you can join the things going on campus, hang out with your friends, party a bit,or whatever! I truly had an awesome time going to SSU and I definitely don't regret it
Beautiful Campus. Ok instruction, some are fossils who are no longer relevant, but its a pretty good school overall.
SSU is one of the best valued schools you'll find. I'm so glad I chose to come here.
Get involved!
The housing here is so nice.
It is nearly impossible to get into classes you need here which makes graduating on time nearly impossible. That is a heavy strain on mental-health and finances. If it were possible to get into the classes I needed I would have nothing negative to say about SSU.
if your not involved in clubs or greek life you will be bored. there is nothing really  to do. and by the end me and many of my friends just wanted to leave. but people here are nice and if u do go out and meet them school will be ok.
sonoma is great. dorms are AWESOME
There is absolutely nothing to do at this school.  Unless you have a car DO NOT COME HERE.  The food is mediocre at best and there aren't may options later in the evening
Its a really good school, but when you're a freshman it's a little bit hard to get classes.
I love SSU, mainly because I grew up in Rohnert Park and it is like a hidden gem within the town. The campus is so pretty and I have not had a problem with any professors, so far.
Sonoma state is in kind of a rural area, but if you get involved on campus, it's a pretty great school all around.
JOIN THE ROWING TEAM!
Join some clubs, they're awesome.  Worst case scenario you meet some really cool people.  I feel like I am getting a great education, but if you plan on going to graduate school then it is more difficult than if you were to go to a more prestigious school.  Nice dorms.
Great school filled with great people
I've had great teachers and a handful of BAD teachers. Campus is beautiful and the dorms are amazing. I wish they'd spend less money watering the lawn and more on hiring faculty. This school is IMPACTED and getting required classes is nearly impossible. Graduating in 4 years may not be a reality for a lot of students.
i love it here and the Greek life is the main part of this campus.
I love this school so much. The more time I spend here the more I love it.  The professors are incredible, the campus is beautiful, and it attracts a great student body AWESOME school!!!
I love this school so much. The more time I spend here the more I love it.  The professors are incredible, the campus is beautiful, and it attracts a great student body AWESOME school!!!
Small class sizes
I love Sonoma it's so beautiful.
Amazing new student center. Beautiful campus.
THis school is the best.
This is a great school if you put in the effort
Most of the teachers are so so. Many are horrible but there are some good ones, too. The business department is poor. Advisors could care less. I've had a couple issues I needed their assistance with and they act like they could care less. I guess you get what you pay for. Go to a UC if you can.
Great school! Love that it's not too big yet not too small of a community on campus.
I love Sonoma State! Go Seawolves!
This campus has a beautiful scenery and knowledgeable professors who know what they are doing. I love this campus!
I only chose Sonoma state because it was close to home.  Although I do wish I had gotten the opportunity to live on a college campus I am definitely happy I chose this school.  People are friendly and involved and most of the teachers are really intelligent.
Everything about this university is great except for two things:  Admissions and records have a few really unhelpful people to new students.  The stench from surrounding factory farming in Rohnert Park is enough to make a person not want to attend this fantastic school. It is so bad sometimes that students get sick from the smell.
Unless you're looking to join a fraternity or sorority, you won't like Sonoma. I regret my decision to come here solely because it is not very culturally diverse and greek life basically runs this campus. I was expecting to have a better overall experience.
Not an ideal college town. No school unity
Most classes are impacted and it is very difficult to register for the classes you need every semester. I'm a math major and there is only one course offered each semester in upper division (which fills quickly). Fellow students are friendly and they offer tutoring in subjects, including writing
Worst experience of my life. It's really difficult to find friendly people. If all you want to do is get involved in Greek life and party, then SSU is the place to go. The academics are so sub-par, I would suggest attending a community college because you'd save a lot of money and actually challenge yourself with more difficult courses.
Sonoma State is one of the most beautiful campuses I've ever seen. There are so many activities and jobs that you can get involved in. It's a great way to meet new people!
It's a beautiful campus and has dorms that make you feel at home, but the classes are so impacted and many classes and requirements are restricted. Good luck graduating in 4 years
I've lived in the area all my life and if it wasn't the cheapest option around for a state school I would have gone anywhere else. Part of the reason I dislike this campus is because I've lived at home all four years, so I have Zero social life outside of the club I run. Also the teachers here are quite bad. There's the occasional gem but that's it
I love it here. There are a lot of very friendly people here and the dorms are amazing.
If you are looking for the "college experience" DO NOT COME HERE.
sonoma is the best
Like many schools in California, SSU is impacted. What surprises me, however, is -how- impacted they are when it comes to degrees and somewhat to classes.  Do you homework before choosing ANY school.
I love it at SSU
Couldn't be happier here!
If you take advantage of what is given to you, you're going to have the time of your life.
If you're on a sports team or in the greek system you will most likely love it here. Location is great and campus is beautiful. Can't complain too much.
Campus is packed 8am-2pm Monday thru Thursday then deserted. Everything is pretty centrally located which means at least a 10 minute walk from your car to the heart of campus (food, library, classes, offices, ect)
Sonoma State is a great campus! It is a little on the small side but I appreciate the community feel.
SSU has very small class sizes; usually 20-30 students or smaller (with a few lower division exceptions). I have been impressed by every single teacher I have taken classes with. I'm an upper division science student, and the support that exists for students to understand material and succeed continues to amaze me.
Sonoma's great if you find the right kind of people. Greek life is kind of overwhelming but everyone is really chill. Teachers are great and each year gets better. Location is awesome! Next to nature and the city. It can definitely be your home away from home if you make it.
This is my fourth year here at Sonoma, and I cannot imagine attending another school. The campus is beautiful and the resources are great. You have to get involved on campus whether that is sports, clubs, student leadership, or Greek life in order to have an adequate social experience though. I definitely recommend attending this University.
Great School
Beautiful campus and dorms. Quiet for the most part. Small. Great transition from high school to college.
Students don't come here for the quality of the teachers.  So, it's a good thing the school focuses on the campus--on how the campus looks.
This is not  a party school. Fraternities and Sororities help a lot with social life. You really have to branch out to make it work. The classes, grounds, and dorms are top quality! Really nice school overall. Smallish. Surrounding is in between a farm town and a small city... I study great here, have met some amazing friends, and party elsewhere.
No diversity at all
Beautiful campus. Have to put yourself out there in order to get involved. Great teachers, staff, and classes. Dorms are like mini apartments with many different options to choose from. Great school, even better when you try to get what you can out of it...
No one knows about this place, but it is great. I love it here. Food can get repetitive in the caf. There is little diversity at this school. I am getting a quality education, and I would give it a 5 if there was a spot for it!
left after 1st yr. Amazing dorms. Unless you are into sports or greek life, not much going on. Tried to make the best of it, not many clubs or diversity. Almost all classes are for majors only, except maybe 1 intro class. Not ideal place to explore & discover interests. Great professors, some not so great. Beautiful area, vibe just was not for me.
Love the campus and most of the professors know what they're doing!
Not a party school, but a great place to make friends and enjoy your college experience.   Very easy to make friends here.
If you're not into Greek Life or sports, you're out of place. People aren't the sharpest tools in the shed, and teachers that are competent are far and few between. In Four Semesters I've had three good professors. Go Figure. Go somewhere else.
Sonoma State is a fantastic and beautiful school. The professors are amazing and will work with you to succeed. It's not much of a party school if that's what you are looking for. It's a smaller school, with D2 sports. There is greek life but it's not the best.. I know they didnt have me locked in. Over all the school is a 7 out of 10 for me.
