Great school full of great people. Scholastic staff is awesome for the most part, housing staff is annoying. It's a beautiful school with little to do around it, unless you have a car.
Great classes and some professors are wonderful.
This campus is absolutely beautiful and luxurious to its housing communities. The people are nice and the Hutchin's program is fantastic. The teachers are average but you'll find some good ones.
This school is awesome. I can just picture myself having more fun at a bigger, more well known school.
It is absolutely gorgeous here! I was not sure about this school when I first came here because it is quite small, but now I LOVE it here. I have lived in the city my whole life, and so I really appreciate the beautiful rural scenery nearby. As for the education, I have had incredible professors so far!
For the size of the school, Sonoma State isn't bad. The campus is pretty and well-maintained. Class sizes aren't usually outrageously huge so the professors usually know who you are. If you want to coast through, you can, but if you work hard, it'll give you what you need. The on-campus Housing is great, but the wi-fi needs some more love.
The campus here is beautiful. If you love a small quiet town this is the place to be. It's not like Santa Barbara or other big colleges. It's a great placea to get your schooling done and over with! The professor's here are great! The only thing that sucks is how the colianry staff doesn't change up the meals every week; it's constantly the same.
Love this campus and the teachers. Super nice staff and really beautiful campus, you have to get out of your house and actually do things when you live here or you'll find yourself bored (obviously). There are lots of amazing people here to meet.
It's chill here, but living in the dorms is strict. The campus is beautiful, but the weather is bipolar. Unless you're in a frat or sorority, you won't party much. You'll get in trouble on campus if you do. The area is cute and close to the city and the mall. At sonoma state, it's what you make it basically. BTW the internet sucks here.
I really liked Sonoma State.  I highly recommend it.  I had a great time.  I think it's one of the best State Universities to go to.  Go there.  Check it out.  Go on a free tour.  See if it's for you.
Sonoma State is a small school. If you really want to join a frat or sorority really bad you should go somewhere thats big.  Barely any diversity. Mostly White.  Make friends, join a club, or else you'll be stuck in a dorm room doing nothing but studying.
Great school, love everything about it! You just have to find the right things to do and the right people to hangout with!
Solid instructors and a beautiful campus in the wine country.
A nice place
Sonoma wasn't exactly my first choice but I'm happy with where I have ended up. A beautiful campus situated right in the middle of suburbia Ronhert Park. Lots more parties than you would expect though. As for opportunities and friends, you get out exactly how much you put in. Have to put yourself out there. Overall I'm satisfied!
Didn't plan on coming here but I love it
Overall it's great, I love it here.
Honestly, I love it here, it's my perfect school so far.
Sonoma State has been the best choice I have made in my life thus far. You get out of this school what you put into it. I have put my everything into this school, and I have loved it every second I have been here.
I love ssu, my first choice!
I visited the school & loved it. However, unless you are SUPER into Greek life, sports, or binge drinking in a sweaty dorm, THINK AGAIN. There were literally no interesting clubs, freshman are REQUIRED to buy $3,000 in meals which suck (vegans beware). Had better classes at my CC. No social life, felt isolated & alone. Left after the first year
The school is ok, they focus more on the buildings and the green music center than the actual in class teaching, as shown by the budget, they spend the least amount of their budget on in class learning than any other CSU.  I'm in their biology department and its hard to get into classes you need.
Not much going on, have to go out and find things. Wish sports were a bigger deal and that there was a football team. Want more school unity and spirit. Teachers, some are great, others okay, some are just horrible.
The Santa Rosa Junior College has better classes and teachers. If you're a local and can't get into another university, go to the JC before transferring to SSU. There are some decent teachers here--but not many.
Sonoma State is a small school, but it has its charms. If you get yourself involved in stuff, you will have fun. The dorms are the nicest I've ever seen, and they are always trying to improve things on campus.
I like how this school is very small so the classrooms does not have a lot of students. So you can get to know more about your professor instead of being just a face to them. Other than that there not much going on in this school. Another thing that I do not like is there is no diversity in this school.
I love this school. Yes it is not huge and not in the middle of a bustling metropolis, but it is a good school with good teachers, so I love it.
When I attended SSU, it was smaller and not as well known.  Over the past decades it has improved and is a great school to attend.
Formerly a SoCal resident and probs never leaving I love it here. Never lived on campus, but have lived in Cotati  3 years now.  Internet is the worst part of the school. I mean it gets the job done, but people are constantly complaining even though I haven't had too terrible problems. My favorite parts are probably Lobos and the clubs.
Hate it here, very lonely and not much to do. Beautiful campus and great housing.
Housing is amazing and the campus is beautiful. Highly recommend getting involved because it is such a quiet town. Love it here. Kind of a couple-y school. Peaceful and always updating the campus.
A pretty good school. There's not much to do though, so it's hard to make friends. A lot of the teachers are good though, and the dorms are straight up amazing. Lots of wildlife on campus near the little "woods" and ponds. This is not a college town though, and there is virtually nothing to do. If you really want to party, look elsewhere.
I love the nature incorporated into SSU! You are surrounded by natural beauty. The Pond, creek, trees, hills, farms, ect. There are a lot of beautiful places to study. It has a hometown ambiance. The campus itself feels like its own community. There are also bars in close proximity, Santa Rosa and Cotati, if you are into that. I love Sonoma State!
Not much to do in the area, unless you go out of town. If you aren't in a frat or sorority, social life is pretty nonexistent. Having a car helps, but not the fact that you are living in a family town/city that isn't necessarily welcoming of the college kids.
I love Sonoma State, it is in the heart of Sonoma County. The teachers here are wonderful and really want you to excel. They chose great, thought provoking textbooks for the many courses offered. The campus is very clean and absolutely beautiful with all the greenery. It's a smaller school, however, there are ample opportunities for involvement.
Could not have chosen a more serene location.  Very peaceful area.  The class sizes are small and you really get to know your teachers.  A very friendly campus and safe.  Many opportunities for clubs, so even though there is not much in the area to do, the clubs will keep you busy.  San Francisco is an easy metro rail ride away for the weekend .
I could not be more happier that I chose this school four years ago.  I have met lifelong friends here.  Most of the students are here to learn, not the  big party scene you find  at many large campuses.  From the day I set foot on this campus, I knew it was going to be great.  The teachers a re friendly and truly care about you.  Go Seawolfs!
I'm currently a photography student at Sonoma State and I love it here. I feel like this school gets some bad reviews because it's small and a large population of the students are from sothern california and are home sick/not used to the colder weather/not used to being in a small town. The camus is beautiful and the facilities are great.
Good if you want small class size.
This school is full of opportunities and everyone here welcomes you with open arms. The only downside of this campus is that there is nothing to do in Rohnert Park. Santa Rosa and Petaluma are no too far away but if you don't have a car and you're stuck here, good luck.
Love
Yay SSU!
EVERYTHING ABOUT THIS PLACE IS AMAZING. I LOVE IT. SCHOOL IS FUN BUT YOU JUST HAVE TO MAKE SURE YOU TIME MANAGE.
The campus is absolutely gorgeous and the facilities are so great! The living situation, in any community you live in, is to die for either way. The food at the caf can get boring real quick and you'll want to go out to eat at the taco bell across the street A  LOT! The weather is very bipolar but I'm used to it by now. Class sizes are manageable.
I've grown up in Sonoma County and this campus fits right in! You're surrounded by redwood trees and greenery everywhere you look.  The buildings are well maintained and bathrooms are usually very clean!  Parking is really difficult at all hours of the day and classes are hard to get, but teachers are amazing and do their best to help you succeed!
Sonoma State is a boring school at less you are in a Sorority or Fraternity. The teachers don't care because  the administration does not care. Most of the students that come here transfer out after their freshman or sophomore year. Yes the dorms are amazing but overall this school is not what its made out to be.
I had a great time at Sonoma State.  Figuring out all the required classes for your degree can be challenging.  But at every school you have to learn the system and by the end you're and expert.   There's a lot Sonoma State has to offer.  I loved going there.  Use Rate My Professors and get the best teachers they have.  Thank you Sonoma State.
neato
Now that I'm beginning the second half of my second year here, I've come to realize what a pleasure it has been to attend this university. The staff is the friendliest on the planet and will help find the right path for you. I fell in love with my wife at this school and it helped me discover a lot about myself and adulthood. Love the rain also.
I spent my junior and senior year here as an English Major, and I'm now in the graduate program for English at SSU. DO NOT get your MA in English here. The program is horribly managed. They're always trying to recruit new grads, but they don't have enough professors to handle the workload. Repeat: DO NOT GET YOUR MA IN ENGLISH HERE.
It's just a really small school and there isn't much to do around. Not a college town at all. I would recommend being involved in Greek Life or you'll probably be super bored here.
I love that the campus is so green, well maintained, really beautiful area. Pretty decent options for food, including a pub on campus (which does serve alcohol to 21+ students). As a commuter student I can't say I'm very involved socially...
I loved attending Sonoma State, I couldn't have  been more satisfied with continuing my education at this amazing school! I got in and got out within a year (transfer student) and made wonderful memories here. The campus is a charming place to study; there are many wonderful spots around campus. Faculty & students are very welcoming and friendly!
Although this school may look nice, I attended a school tour and staff at admissions were rude and a bit (      ). I was highly surprised because any other school would think to make a great first impression, but they sure didn't. Lets just say not all staff was welcoming to people who had my complexion, felt like they were discriminating to us.
Overall, a good school.  Could use some changes.  The area is not a college town at all, so make the best out of it.
I have nothing but great feelings towards Sonoma. The environment is welcoming and fostering. You are challenged to think outside the box frequently. I regret not attending sooner. The campus is nice and the overall food environment is very health conscious.
I wish I could say that I haven't had the thought of transferring. People either love this school or don't. As for someone who wasn't happy, I wish this school had more to offer, especially for the price we pay. But considering the area, it's something that one should already know. Think it through before you decide where to be the next 4 years.
Sonoma State University, the fine institute that most of its students applied to as their backup university; in case all else failed. Whelp, here we are. Campus is nice but it's no big university. Social life is un-accepting by ropo residents but you can always manage to stretch your limits until you get hit with that 180 day. You're here, enjoy it
The school is small, and it definitely makes you want to leave, but you learn to accept it for what it is. Because of the area it's in, it's pretty self-explanatory. There may not be much but you learn to make your own fun. Campus is dead on weekends but so is every other CSU. Most are commuter, but you will learn to make the best out of it here.
Was a Great Little School, member of COPLAC (small bit of prestige there). Turning into a seedy-yet-snobbish, sprawling, reputationally challenged CSU (#41 to #57 in one year). Great potential, but many problems and a lack of vision; pursuing size at the expense of quality. It shows everywhere, and in everything. Needs to refocus on quality.
Sonoma State is absolutely perfect for me. I feel like its a hit or a miss when it comes to how you like the school. Just like any college, you get out what you put in, but everybody seemed so welcoming my freshman year and I have found my sense of belonging here. The area surrounding the school is not the best but there's enough to do on campus.
Very small and quiet school. You either hate it or love it. You definitely have to try to make the best out of it and itll be fun. The cafe food is ehh.
Really great campus life, dorms, cafeteria, people.
Sonoma State has been a great school so far. The campus is nice and Sonoma County is beautiful.
not a bad school, but there is not much to do and it makes me sad
