The professors are nice and helpful. The Sonoma and Napa area is beautiful. It is hard to find peers who value school and take it seriously. A lot of the students just want to hang with friends and do drugs. Their isn't much variety of clubs.
Love this place! So many cool people and they're all so interesting and intreuging. Love it all, college is great kids, I highly recommend.
It's a beautiful campus, but when you don't have a car with you, you can't do much. There's not many fun places around the campus which kinda sucks.
SSU is a great school. There is always something going on, trying to get students involved. There are late night events, activities indoors, outdoors or even off campus. Never had a hard time with peers or instructors - parking may be your worst enemy, but there is a pub on campus and a hot tub in the locker room ways to destress
food- little variety. social- unless you're in greek life, expect going to class to be your social time. location- parties get shut down within the first hour because an old white man called the cops. not much to do at all, unless you have a car and a lot of gas money. freshmen dorms- in desperate need of a complete makeover. health hazards galore
Yes, there are not so many options for clubs, but you can get involved on campus in many ways like you can work on campus or make friends in classes. Some people are mean, but the most of them are nice. The food at cafeteria made me sick, but the other things were okay to me. It is a small campus, so it is easy to get to know each other ;)
Ridiculous upper-division general education requirements. Transferred from the JC this semester and so far I ahve had a terrible experience. Everyone is unfriendly and only talks to people they already know. If you don't live on campus or in a sorority/fraternity, then you are prettymuch an outcast. GE classes dominate my time.
Amazing campus! It is beautiful here and freshman dorms are basically apartments. Most professors are really interested in helping you and there are many on campus jobs. This school will be as social as you want it to be, seems like there's always something going on. The whole place is amazing, but parking sucks, if you live off campus leave early
As a transfer from SRJC, the JC felt more like a university than SSU. Classes are rarely available, students are super clique-oriented (but not even the popular/desirable kind), it's a social desert outside of greek life, and I've yet to meet someone for whom SSU was their first choice. Mediocre faculty, poor college town, & unattractive students.
Mediocre faculty. That's all you need to know.
There are a TON of white people here. (I'm one of them). I've been attending Sonoma for three years now, and this school lacks diversity. Coming from a staunch Republican, that say's something! Need more students with either foreign background, or offer more scholarships? I drive down the road and all I see are German automobiles for days.
One of the prettier campuses , school is on the rise with excellent faculty and student centers. Food isn't 100% amazing but it's much better than most campuses. I've seen housing at many campuses and SSU has the roomiest dorms, even outshining UCLA. People complain of a clique heavy campus but you're responsible to make friends not the campus.
Just stay close to your friends on campus
Sonoma State was a beautiful school, though on the small side. I liked the amount of open, green space, the creeks, ponds and big redwood trees scattered about campus. It's a well-maintained school, food on campus is good - I ate at Lobo's more often than I meant to - and there are plenty of options nearby. I enjoyed going here.
It's a beautiful campus . Most of the students and staff are very friendly. The dorms are very nice and spacious.
Sonoma State is literally so very easy to get around, and it seems to me as a lot of people know each other. Fun to be here, classrooms are nice.
This school is designed to keep you stuck for 5 years. It's not actually in "Sonoma" it's in Rohnert Park which is basically a boring suburb 30 min away from Sonoma. Education quality is low, food options are awful, and the bureaucracy is ridiculous. Please go anywhere else. You deserve a great college experience.
campus is on the smaller side but that makes it very easy to get to know the whole campus. Beautiful campus and located in wine country. classes are great size especially if you're looking to make connections with professors. Food is original to Sonoma State.
its coo
Planning on transferring after 2 years, the school doesn't suck but I'd rather love my school than say "it's okay".
Doesn't stand out for much. A cute, small campus with good facilities
Located in "wine country," it's located in the middle of rural nowhere. Wine country is a good hour away. The food is terrible especially when you're a freshman they force you to get an unlimited meal plan. The people here are homebodies and antisocial. Academics are semi-easy and faculty is ok. There is NO school spirit!! Greek life sucks.
Theres not a whole lot to do around Sonoma since it is a small CSU, but I like that. The academics here are great if you are willing to put some time and effort in your studies. I've found that many of the faculty have retired here from more prestigious universities and because of that, you receive a great education. The small class sizes are great
Pretty great professors, dorms are nice af, no social life unless you're In Greek life because the basically overruns the school. Not much to do in the area, unless you're willing to drive to SF or surrounding towns. A lot of people transfer from my experience.
Coming to Sonoma State was an awful decision. I liked the thought of a small school, but sonoma state is just like high school. Except worse. There is no sports teams which makes for a boring social scene. Sororities are cliquey. The only good thing about it is the dorms layout. They dont do roommate surveys so youre stuck with awful people.
Sonoma State is a social desert. There is never anything going on unless you want to travel to SF or beyond. Greek life takes over, and unless you're in a sorority, there is nothing to do. From my experience, everyone transfers as fast as they can. This school drains mental health. There are no roommate surveys so beware of living with your opposit
I often hear people say Sonoma is boring but it's really what you make of it. You don't have to go greek, you just have to get involved somehow and meet new people. Find people that have similar interests and go exploring. There's not much to do near the school but you're about a 30 minute drive away from VERY cool places (like Armstrong Forest) :)
My first year at a college and Im pretty disappointed that it had to be this one. Im an introvert, so the extreme emphasis on social life and events I really offputting. Theres little focus on academics and the living spaces are subpar. The worst thing about it is that the WiFi is horrible, so good luck doing anything fun online.
Do not come here if you want the college experience. People are very judgemental and cliquey. Even if you participate in Greek life, you will still feel antisocial because of the location of campus. Academics are unoriginal and not innovative or eye opening like college is supposed to be.
it's really great, just cold and rainy so that can affect your mood and functioning in the classroom. lots of sexual assault that have not been accounted for, the star (school newspaper) ran an article about it.
I am finishing up my first year at Sonoma State and so far have been very underwhelmed with my experience. Professors are alright, but student participation in classes is almost zero. Not much to do on campus, and unless you have a car you are not going anywhere. Campus is poorly lit, and emails of crime reports are common. Go anywhere else for CS
It's good
I absolutely love Sonoma's campus, small for a Cal State but that is my favorite part.
Worst internet speeds Ive ever had, and Im not exaggerating. The HIGHEST internet download speed Ive gotten here is 15mbps (1.9 Megabytes per second). Thats the kind of terrible internet you can expect here on a GOOD day.
Sonoma state is supportive for the most part of their student body. I feel like they arent exactly aware of some larger issues, but they still make an effort to provide comfort and welcome arms to their students. Campus is beautiful and not far from Santa Rosa or SF or the beach. Its a smaller school, but I like it that way. Youll love it here.
Personally, I love Sonoma. It is an absolutely beautiful campus. Just know some things like food options are limited.
Sonoma State is a smaller State school with a strong community feel. There are SO many ways to get involved on campus! Greek life is AMAZING at SSU and there are a lot of cool clubs (sports, volunteer, hobbies etc)! They focus a lot on sustainability on campus as well and try to have as little environmental impact.
WiFi speed and consistency is awful
The cafeteria food is revolting but the restaurants on campus are good.
Abysmal internet and food quality.
Sonoma spends all their money on attracting incoming freshman instead of the students that already go there. The teachers are amazing but the labs are horrendous, nothing ever worms.
Sonoma State offers a tight-knit community experience on a very beautiful campus. If you wish to focus on studies and enjoy nature, SSU is a great potential choice.
just a boring school, if you meet the right people it can be fun, but really the proximity to sf and the dorms are really the only cool thing about sonoma
Nothing good to say, I had to call 911 and talk to on campus police numerous times in my first semester. The campus police were condescending and dismissive in the midst of a stalking/harassment incident that over 10 people were witness to. Most professors are unenthusiastic and the caf food is disgusting but the campus is pretty and housing is ok.
The wifi is absolutely awful, location and weather are alright, quiet and small university. Regret coming here.
It's a quaint little school. It isn't over crowded, parking is good compared to literally every other school I've been to. If you like to explore, hike, and just be outside this is the place to be. Sonoma county is a gorgeous area with many hidden gems if you look in the right place. Love my department, lots of great connections to be made.
Sonoma State is truly my home away from home. My transition to SSU as a freshman was difficult, but my experience completely changed sophomore year. I got an on-campus job, and joined a Greek affiliation, which changed my entire college experience forever. I LOVE Sonoma and I miss being there more than anything-- quarantine sucks :(
Professors are here for a paycheck, many don't care for the students. Unless you are highly motivated and self teach, don't expect to walk away with much. Seems like this school is the last choice for many, and they take it because they need to. High drop-out rate, not motivated, not hopeful.
Sonoma State is in a beautiful location with amazing students and faculty. I am currently studying Liberal Arts in the Hutchins Program, this program offers students the chance to be in a safe area of discussions with a class size averaging around 12-20 people! The food at this school isnt the best nor is the internet but the clubs are awesome!
It's aight. Not my first choice lol, but I'm happy
Overall an okay place. Beautiful area. Not the most exciting place. If you want a party school with tons of school pride, however, I'd look elsewhere. The caf food isn't that bad if you aren't picky, but it gets repetitive. It really could be a great school, it's just not "all that." Shoulda gone to SJSU when I had the chance.
The campus is beautiful and clean. The food can be good but repetitive. There is much to do and plenty of things to be involved in. I often hear students say there isn't anything but things won't come to you if you don't explore, all of life is like that. Go to clubs and other organizations info nights, trust me its worth it.
