I didn't get to really experience much at SSU because of COVID but I was still left breathless! The campus is so beautiful and always clean. It's not a party school, sure but that's not really the whole point of going to school. SSU is also in a very safe area surrounded by nature. It feels so good to be here. Everyone is super friendly and kind.
Awesome school with a beautiful campus!
Ya know, it's just kinda meh
SSU has broken my spirit. Despite graduating, I have ZERO happiness being a part of the "Seawolves". The environment is just so toxic. I wish I went somewhere else.
Very beautiful and quiet campus, but its also pretty boring. Im a transfer student and due to the lack of social opportunities and the frequent closures from fires/COVID, I didnt make any friends or fun memories here. The professors, the food, and the internet here are all pretty average. Overall, my experience was just ok. Wish it was better
I am very disappointed in the Accounting program at SSU. Due some, not all of the Accounting teachers, I do not feel I am getting a good Accounting education.
Sonoma State is no better than an average high school. Come here only if you intend to spend the rest of your life being a grape picker in Sonoma or Napa county winery. Go anywhere else, nobody is going to take you seriously because nobody knows where or what Sonoma State University is. I am not kidding!!
Beautiful location and campus, but as a transfer student I can honestly say the academic rigor as well as culture is a major step back from my community college experience. It really feels like Im just going through the motions here. If you wanna breeze through and tic boxes this is the school, if you want a legitimate education look elsewhere.
Terrible school. The only redeeming quality is the campus's architecture and facilities. I left after two semesters in 2018 because I felt like my tuition money was being utterly wasted. Professors were unqualified to teach the subjects they were teaching and I caught campus police trying to break into parked cars one night. -
It's a beautiful campus! A majority of the professors I have had are very caring and understanding, in addition to making their lectures enjoyable. Cafeteria food is average, but the cafe is actually pretty good! (*Get the smoothies*) Love the library to study or just hang out. You will have to go out on your own to find clubs or socials. <3
I love my professors in my major, however I agree with the majority that other professors are at or below average. Additionally, it is impossible to get off campus housing and there is no family housing so if you are married or with kids I can't recommend it. There is minimal campus life however you do make a few good friends in the dorms.
They had short hours in the library for the whole fall 2021 semester which was annoying. But then during dead week they didnt extend the hours at all and they closed it at 5pm that Friday, weren't open on Saturday and then didnt open until 2pm on Sunday. Then during finals week they closed every day at 10pm. Its pretty annoying and Im pissed.
