Sometimes I forget that I'm in school and think I'm at a very peaceful, yet very fun, resort.  It's breathtakingly beautiful and the people are friendly and nice!
Very superficial, very wealthy student body. If you can't handle stuck up selfish people look elsewhere
If you wanna go to school with daddys little girl and mommas boys go here. Have fun wearing heels to class and designer purses as backpacks.
Very multicultural and accepting of others. Lots of clubs for almost everything. Frats and sororities with lots of events. Culture mostly haole. Meet the right people, you'll have a great time. Transferring credits is a bitch though. Wish they'd come up with a booklet that lets you choose which classes you can take from what schools.
Beautiful campus overlooking the San Diego Bay. Very nice dining facility. Great professors, and small classes
It is a great school school that presents many great career opportunities. Small classes and personable teachers who will do anything to see students succeed are what sets USD appart. It is becoming one of the best schools in the nation and I highly recommend it.
It is a beautiful campus with classes that you will definitely need to work in. There are so many resources to use, and everyone really wants to see you thrive, you just have to be a little outgoing to get that help or valuable experience.
Beautiful campus that has significantly progressed in a number of ways: Newly built Student Life Pavillion with bar and restaurant, cafeteria and lounge area. Great student-teacher ratio which is about 14:1 I believe so you will get more than the attention you need. Location is perfect is in the heart of everything-SDSU,UCSD,Beach,downtown,airport
Go here. Small class sizes, excellent professors, you can't go wrong with USD.
Amazing school. Most underrated school on the west coast. Better than USC, I would know since I transferred to USC, and regret it. Much better academics.
Everytime my family and I go back to California, we take a day trip down to the campus.  Since graduating in '02, the campus has continued to grow and adapt.  The great thing is that the architecture has remained!  It is such a beautiful place to study, live and grow!
its mostly white people.. asians are ignored and tend to not have friends in this school. if you can speak chinese, you have some people here, if you don't prepare some suicide plan. the teachers are here to fail you. i'm not shock if you can get in to this school easily but you drop out. good luck fellas
This is definitely not a party school and there are a lot of anti-social people.
An earlier reviewer covered it, USD is full of spoiled daddy's girls & momma's boys. Academic growth is the last thing that the students care about.  Many of the classrooms (founders and camino) are falling apart while the school wastes exorbitant amounts of money on brand new buses for the failing basketball team.  Wish I had never enrolled.
stuck up girls
USD is a very small community. everyone can have a lasting impression on the school and make a difference, which is especially helpful with your search for jobs.
Love this school. Obscenely expensive but so far I couldn't be happier. Amazing campus and San Diego is awesome.
dsdsdsd
Extremely friendly people, even though they don't seem like it at first glance.
Great school. They really care about their students and their success. The only bummer is that there is really NO school spirit... But its super close to the beach and everything in San Diego is awesome. The campus is beautifully maintained and there are a lot of interesting courses to take here. I wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
Great school and even better people.
Transferred to USD last year - best decision I ever made. I never want to graduate.
USD has a beautiful campus, they care A LOT about appearances.  If you are a person of color, you feel out of place because a HUGE majority of the student population consists of very wealthy, white students. Great quality of education with highly qualified professors.  Idk if it's worth it though, putting up with the HUGE lack of diversity at USD.
USD is awesome.
Beautiful, fun campus. Great weather near the ocean. Great teachers and small class sizes. What more do you want?
Gorgeous Campus, Great Business, Law, and Science programs, as well as some of the most attractive people in the nation. USD has its pros and cons but I made the right choice for college! Go Toreros!
Beautiful campus!  Small classes, and the teachers all seem very willing to help you out one-on-one.
Serious lack of diversity. Beautiful campus. Small classes. Friendly people.
Beautiful Campus
Beautiful school. Just wish there was more school spirit.
USD is great! The possibilities are really endless with what to do with your education, and I love the freedom. Class sizes are great, there is a ton of different organizations to get involved in, employment is abundant. Basically if you need help with anything, there is a center for that to help.
Absolutely nothing to complain about.
West Coast best coast
Beautiful campus, perfect proximity to SD. Lots of fun events happening, but very hard to find dry events/people who don't party if that's not your thing. Little to no school spirit, but games are still fun. Food is AMAZING. You are not allowed to use your laptop in any class, which I find absolutely ridiculous. It's 2012, give me a break.
It's not for everyone. I urge you to visit the campus before you pronounce it as your "dream school"
USD has one of the most beautiful campuses you can find. Good food, pretty people, and a fun city life.
Awesome campus.  Great location in SD.  Life is so much better in San Diego!!
I love USD so much! Professors or students in USD are all very friendly and cool!
I love this school
great school and amazing city. party scene a little dull due to cops and public safety. people can be cliquely and a little egotistic. it's nicknamed university of spoiled daughters for a reason
Outstanding!
good
I wanted to transfer after my first year but then decided to stay. It was easily the best decision I could make. I fell in love with USD, but I understand how some view it as a tough environment to adjust to. Not a very diverse campus but the classes you take can definitely provide a diverse education. Great professors and a beautiful campus!
Beautiful campus in the best city with amazing food
Beautiful campus
Beautiful campus, girls are almost all beautiful. Definitely my dream school.
The campus is gorgeous and some of the buildings are a bit older, but it quickly feels like home!
love
It's more diverse than people say, if you look you will definitely find cool people. You CAN use laptops in class, but some professors dislike them. The food is good, but gets boring after a while. Parties are hard to find since the police roll them within a few hours. Dorms are great unless you get put in a quad (there are quite a few quads!!)
just a bunch of rich spoiled kids who dont know how to enjoy college
Each year gets better and better here, probably because you spend more and more time at mission beach versus on campus. The school is great, teachers care a ton about their students, but administration and any sort of school spirit is pretty terrible. But hey, that's not why I came here, I came for a good education and an amazing time in MB.
Perfect Location. Amazing Professors. Hot Students.
It is a great campus. The professors I've had all are interested in yous success and are more than willing to help you in any way you need. They are successful professionals who have a lot to teach you.The campus is beautiful and in great condition. Excellent food! A lot of opportunities to gt involved.
Best university ever!
good school
Need a car. If you don't have a car the campus becomes a bit like a prison...
Great city, good school, nice people. Cannot complain about the professors. Loved my stay here
A lot of hot girls! Way too many greek life kids on campus which makes the school feel a bit divided, but after a while you find that parties are still accessible. A ton of rich kids but most are not jerks. Teachers are pretty good and the campus is beautiful. Located in the best city on earth and you find yourself at mission beach a lot. cars help
Great school, great people, Intervarsity Christian Fellowship is the best club on campus!
Pros: Beautiful campus, Commuter lounge is great, Chemistry and English department professors are very nice; Cons: Very expensive, Biology program is not that good (especially for pre-health students) - most of their professors doesn't care about students.
very good school but difficult if you are coming to play around not to study
The perfect school. The most beautiful campus ever in awe every day. The friendships are genuine and the Professors know you by name.
USD has many amazing teachers, but the social scene sucks if you're not in Greek life.  Student culture is very homogeneous and there's not a strong feeling of community on campus.  The food's really good though, and the location simply can't be beat.
Love it here!
Greek life dominates the social scene here now, which is not quite how it was in past years. So if you're a part of greek life like myself, you'll have a fantastic academic AND social experience. However, if you're GDI, you're really missing out on the full USD experience. Anyone in Greek life here wouldn't ever give this school a bad rating!!
I love this school, don't come here if you don't want to put time into your work though. Greek life is great and really becoming more prevalent on this campus, but the campus is not divided into those affiliated and those not since we don't have houses.  Overall, USD like many other places is what you make it for yourself!
USD is known for its picturesque Southern California Campus, and really does belong on a postcard! It doesn't hurt to go to school with a cozy mission-style feel nestle among trees and flowers that rival Dr. Seuss books. However, my experience at USD was completely made by the endless opportunities available there and the people I met in my major.
I love USD!
710 CONS Food -good at first, until they started buying cheaper quality ingredients. Wifi- spotty. IT cannot get it together. Sports -suck.  Social - Sucks if you're a GDI Cost - they nickel and dime you on everything  Pros Academics - Great (especially the biz-school) CampusLocation: Beautiful. Amazing. Professors: Helpful. Super Knowledgeable.
USD is great for what it is. Do not go here for the big school experience. Go here for the food. Go here for the location and Mission Beach living. Go here for beautiful campus. Go here for the small class size. I enjoyed my four years at USD and loved it for what is was.
Beautiful school in the perfect location.  The dining is pretty disgusting however.
Best school around.
If Barbie had a dream school to match her dream house. USD would be the place. The school is beautiful, but is not much more than that. There is a lack of community, the academics are way too hard and the social scene is nonexistent- all parties are shut down before 11. 45 of my closest friends want to transfer, I would not highly recommend.
I honestly felt like all of my professors were experts in their fields, but having that means its EXPENSIVE, so either have rich parents or be prepared to pay of loans  for the rest of your life.  However it's a top notch education and you just can't get any better then San Diego. Finding your niche on campus is essential to your happiness at USD.
Awesome school. Go here.
Beautiful school. Amazing people. Good food. Good academics.
Best University in San Diego!
USD is such a great school. I am so happy here and never want to graduate and leave. The opportunities one can have here are endless. This school is amazing and everyone should come here!
