Beautiful beautiful campus, dry social scene, fun if you're into more laid-back parties. Workload is adequate, love the people, food, and location.
Amazing location, beautiful campus, great people, challenging but manageable classes, and professors that actually care about you & know your name.
Obviously beautiful place, but the location keeps the school isolated from the rest of the city. Because of the economic demographics of the student population, most tend to be arrogant and cliquey(do not expect the typical college party scene). but it is a really amazing blessing to go to USD and everyone ends up loving they chose it.
Good school. Good teachers. Good size of classes. The weed is good too
Great school, pretty small though. Decent at sports no scholarships though, but the cool thing is that it is a private school. I personally like small class sizes and getting to know the professors on a more personal level. Biggest downside is the fact that a lot of the students are spoiled rich kids.
Beautiful
While this campus is beautiful there seems to be something missing. Most of the students are as interesting as a bowl of farina. Don't get me wrong there are some exceptions but they are exactly that an exception more than the rule. The professors are very helpful and will work with you as long as you put in the effort to apply yourself.
It's what you make it! if you don't try to get involved, social life won't necessarily come straight to you, but if you get out there and put an effort it's amazing! Professors are very understanding, overall. People are friendly and all good people.
It is hard to find flaws in this school. The food is amazing, and the people are even better. The social aspect is definitely better then what you would think. I absolutely love it here.
Perfect location in relation to everything in the city, and great campus. It's a smaller school, so it's not as well known but the class sizes make a world of difference. There's a lot of good food on campus if you mix up where you eat.
USD is a great university with many opportunities for getting involved and making friends you just have to take advantage. Some profs care more than others, you just have to put in effort and you should do pretty well. The only problem I have is that it is impossible to get anywhere off campus without a car or paying a pretty penny.
USD's food is always consistent. There's a lot of choices, even late at night. The Social scene over here is difficult to get a hold of unless you're in a fraternity. It's my home away from home, always a pretty sight to look at!
More categories: Professors: 5 I have learned some amazing things from some amazing professors. They can be rigorous, but that's what it's all about.  Veteran friendly: 2 It needs some work. No priority registration, lack of transparency in handling financial aid and the Veterans Office is too small for the number of people who study, or try t
must have a car for your time at USD. the location is beautiful on the hill! but you need a car to get almost anywhere. i drove mine down for my second semester of freshman year and i much more easily got to the beach and parties and the grocery store. overall awesome place! the people at usd are so nice and smart and fun, too. unlike anywhere else
Beautiful campus, great academics... people need to be more outgoing.
It's honestly one of the most beautiful places I have ever seen in my life. The campus looks like it's straight out of a movie. There's no way anyone can get depressed here
I am a transfer here and I have already made quite a bit of friends. The people here are so welcoming and so nice. Food here never disappoints, and nor does the competitive levels of the classes. The professors are hand-picked and above all, just brilliant.
:) love my school
I'm constantly reminded of how beautiful it is here
Can't believe how happy I am here
Love this school.
Most beautiful campus filled with the nicest people.
Beautiful campus, pristine! A lot of choices for clubs. Great food in comparison to other campuses.
Love this school!
USD is really what you make of it. If you come in with an open mind and motivation you'll be fine. Small class sizes, beatiful campus, 8min from the beach, and the girls are gorgeous.
USD is so much better than I imagined. It has quite the pricetag, but if you're lucky (wealthy) enough to go here, you're in for the best professors, the best food, great dorms, a beautiful campus, the greatest sunsets you've seen, and a population that is the perfect size to both see tons of people you don't know AND tons that you DO every day.
Hard school, great education. Food and location are amazing. can be hard to meet people. But I love USD.
It's a great school given the smaller student population. Opportunity is what you make of the ones offered to you, but that goes for all areas of this university.
The campus is beautiful and Greek Life is the best.
University of San Diego is an amazing school with personalized experiences for all types of students. The campus is breathtaking and helps when finals roll around to increase your mood. Go Blue!
USD is a small school with a big feel. You know so many people but yet are meeting new people every day. People here are extremely friendly and outgoing. Academics come first at this school. That being said, we still know how to have fun. Work hard, play hard mentality here by the students. Beautiful campus, maybe the best on the west coast.
USD is a great school and is located in a prime location. But the business is by far the worst department of USD. They claim to send students to top employers but in reality everyone gets sub-par jobs and act like they run sh*t. I regret not going to USC and instead going to USD. The ROI for USD School of Business has a -45% IRR and -2.3x MoM.
The stereotypes are all true.
USD is a beautiful school. Class sizes are small and I feel like my professors know me as an individual. The food is far better than at my friends' schools. I have no major complaints.
Transferring out of USD after 2 years. Though it's beautiful and the professors are amazing, the social life is awful and tuition continues to rise (64k+). The stereotypes are true. The overabundance of wealth and lack of diversity is startling, and there is an unwelcoming campus culture. A lot of students are racist as well, which is really sad.
A top 100 school I came here for good professors and beautiful weather. Ive been to 3 schools and USD definitely has some amazing professors. Quite a few wealthy students but I havent seen the snobbery that some speak of. Things are what you make of them, if you speak to nobody, you cant make friends. Go out on a limb, people here are great!
INTERNATIONAL STUDENT: All students are very friendly and most people have a very interesting story. Very easy to get involved on campus and find friends. Professors and school staff are always available and helpful. Small class sizes and a beautiful campus. I expect better school recognition and ranking in the coming years. Lacking school spirit.
I transfered here and I was not expecting the difficult  level of the classes. The classes are hard but I have never learned so much. The campus is beautiful and everyone is always smiling.
its a nice school
I transferred to USD from a large community college and am very disappointed. The classes are really hard but you don't learn more, just LOADS of unnecessary work.  I've taken about 20 classes and I've only had three GOOD teachers, have had 5 or 6 awful ones. What you pay for this school is so excessive and not worth it in the slightest.
love everything about USD
USD is a small, but welcoming if you get involved.
One of the best schools in the nation hands down
USD is all about appearances. Administration won't do anything ethical or make any effort to support you unless they think their reputation may be at stake or you try to get them in the wallet. Landscaping is nice, but students would rather have necessities like air-conditioning, working plumbing, and professors that show up to office hours.
Love this campus! It feels like I'm living at a resort everyday. As an engineer the classes keep me busy but we are ranked 13th in the nation for our engineering department.
Good school. Difficult. Don't come here if your lazy. As social as you make it. Very liberal. MAGA. Clean campus. Can get very hot but usually nice weather.
This school is everything I hoped for.
I have wanted to attend this school since I was very young, having visited it several times  since my dad went here. Senior year after I had already committed, I began to worry that I had built it up to be so much better than it could possibly be, but I have yet to be disappointed by this beautiful school.
My only complaint is that there is virtually no school spirit! Do not come here if you're really going to miss wild sports games and tailgating. For me, this isn't an issue. I'm busy enough as it is.  The LLC program makes it easy to get connected your first year. I highly recommend it. The dorms are top notch and so are the classes. Awesome place
The immediate area isn't amazing, but it's really easy to get to the beach or downtown where there are lots of things to do. There are fun activities on campus and good food, but it's a small campus so it can get a bit boring after a while. Overall a good school though!
I attended USD in the early 90s. I feel I received a superior education and I have gone on to be very successful spiritually (am an not a theist), financially, socially and philanthropically. The campus is stunning and it is also probably one of the safest catholic campuses for the LGBT community. Biggest impression: One amazing, Dr. Judith Liu. A+
It's expansive, great location, common areas need a make over. Don't come here to party!
Just finished my first semester and I absolutely love the school. I was hesitant with my choice at first, but I fell in love with the campus and the teachers. I always underestimated the advantages of a small class size, but now I am in love. I learned a lot this semester, 3.6 GPA, and still had a great social/night life. Gorgeous campus!!
University of San Diego is a university out of a fairytale. It is perfect. Not only is it beautiful but everyone is so accepting and welcoming.
The Staff really does not care about you/financial aid unless you have a lot of money
Its hard to not be happy at this school. Nice kids. Good food. Beautiful campus. The only thing I wish is that there was more school spirit.
This school is so choked up with Liberal Ideas that it helps to produce a cloud of misconception on campus, ultimately resulting in a lack of intellectual exploration as well as causing the suppression of potentially brilliant ideas from being born.
More than 80 percent of your classes are about core requirement, which are useless.
Yeah, paying $44,000 a year but you MUST take too much general classes. Most likely engineering professors are more expensive than theology professor, so they required students to take a lot of unrelated to major courses. Good profit for them, absolutely.
Love the academics here, beautiful campus, social life is a little reduced here, you have to go off campus for the fun stuff
Enrolling into this school is perhaps the biggest mistake that I made. Too expensive, professors teach less and give more tests (to make his job easier), hard to find good jobs after graduation. Actually you on your own, they don't help you much.
Most of the teachers are great, but do push super-liberal agenda on you. Most business profs have real-world experience(a plus). Don't go here if you want to Major in theater though.  The new department chair just wants to do his own ideas and fulfill his own creative ambitions.  What would be fun for students and audiences isn't considered at all.
USD is what you make it . The curriculum is diverse because it is a liberal arts school which focuses on a humanities based curriculum for everyone, from engineers to business majors. If you don't want to take humanities courses as a base for your education, it's probably not the place for you. If you do, it is an awesome place that fosters growth.
International community is pretty big here. Athletics are not important for most students. Beautiful campus and localization. Professors are normally very good.
Genuinely could not be happier with my choice to go to USD. Campus is GORGEOUS, San Diego is an amazing city, research opportunities are outstanding and accessible (I'm a biochemistry major and have been published), very easy to get involved, sorority life is fun and laid back, and the professors are caring and helpful.
USD has been a great school to attend and I don't regret a second of it.
Whats not to love? USD is great 3
not enough classes choice... avoid if you're indecisive
University of San Diego is a beautiful campus. If you are looking for a nice small liberal arts college in San Diego, than this school is for you. Great school academic wise. However, they have too many general-ed requirements. And the social life is kind of isolated in this school unless you're involved in a club, sport, etc.
The school needs to work on evaluating and managing the level of work each professor is allowed to assign to their students. As a transfer student, the level of work here is very excessive compared to other well respected universities I have attended in the past.
This place is a fairytale campus come to life. So clean, such happy people, nice professors that care about you. Wonderful place to work and play!
Love this campus. Yes, wifi sucks and there is no air conditioning in freshman dorms, but this campus is beautiful, feels like home away from home, safe, and offers so many clubs, sports, work opportunities and classes. It isn't a party school nor a school with good athletics, but the classes are easy and the people are nice.
Food is good but limited, expensive and if you don't have a car, not convenient unless you want to wait for the school tram or a public transportation. Clubs exist but nowhere near as prevalent as other schools and there is much less of a variety... Probably shouldn't trust me on social aspect or happiness for undisclosed reasons.
I came to this school and was shocked by the large amount of support I got. Everyone here is very friendly and helpful. The staff truly care about the student's success and the campus is well kept. The view of the sunset on campus is BEAUTIFUL and the beach is very close to campus. The food is not that bad and the dorms are pretty well made.
USD was my first choice when applying to colleges. It's located 10 mins from everything in SD and looks like a castle on a hill. Classes are difficult, but I've never received a better education. The food is above average for a college campus. Greek life has a big presence, but there is no Greek row. I'm happy to call USD my home away from home!!
