Stunning campus!!
School is pretty and well located but I have often felt like they don't care about their students. There are unnecessary policies in some places and no policies where there should be in others. Also quite a few (not all) very superficial people study here. Entirely average college experience, not great, but could've been worse.
love this school
Ideal place for college
Paradise
USD is just too perfect. Everything from the numerous opportunities the school provides, to the most caring staff imaginable, I couldn't ask for a better school for me. If you are ever having a bad day, all you have to do is walk outside and you will be happier. That is a promise.
too much general classes, less concentration in major. Student had a hard time finding a good position.
Incredibly expensive, but they put it all back into the university to benefit us. Business and Science schools are definitely the best (and nationally ranked) but the math and marketing departments are horrible.
Overall, great school
heavy greek life. pretty much everyone is in a sorority or fraternity. outside of that, social life is pretty isolated. inconsistent but alright academics. good food though. most people here are very well-off and you can feel it. very safe, feels like your in a little castle on a hill.
Everything's nice except it may seem empty compared with other schools in SoCal due to its smaller community. All my professors were welcoming and seemed caring.
I love this school and the people who work there. The small class sizes make learning a much more interactive experience than at larger schools, and the faculty really cares about the students. USD's campus is obviously very beautiful, and we're so lucky to be able to attend.
The best decision of my life is going to this school. It is an amazing community, and even better educational institution.
Most beautiful campus, potentially in the world.
Beautiful campus, great food but sometimes you just want a burger and fries from a fast food chain lol, classroom size was ideal for me (about 35 students or less), and faculty embers were always so helpful and willing to make sure you got the help and support you needed to succeed. Loved being in a sorority during my times here!
The campus is a paradise. There are multiple local destinations. USD is said to have good academic standing but the majority of professors should have been fired a while ago. Students are socially disabled - they are unapproachable and very secluded. The student body has no diversity, people are snobby and uncultured, and there is discrimination.
Lots of +'s but not enough room to cover. I feel so isolated. People are averagely open/tolerant. Some people seem to have friends so maybe it's just me. Not very diverse. Tuition + housing/food/books is in the $65k/yr range ATM. Transferring is a nightmare, nothing counts. I have 2 AA degrees and I'm going to be a senior here for a total of 3 yrs.
i love it
EXPENSIVE! I left after the first year because it was WAY TOO EXPENSIVE. The Financial Aid services are HORRENDOUS as well! They do not care about you or your problems and want their money NOW! Still, it is the most beautiful campus I have ever been to and I am thankful to have met some of my best friends for life there. Education and arts are good
Awesome school. High quality
Overall great school. Ive had some really bad professors but also some really good ones. Campus is beautiful and I love being in San Diego. Not much in terms of social opportunities if you're not on a team or involved in Greek Life.
Most incredible college experience!! All of the compliments in the world cannot do this University justice. From having the most diverse student body from so many rich backgrounds, to having the most caring and engaged professors, to breathtaking views day and night, USD holds a place very deep in my heart and is incomparable to any other school.
University of San Diego is a great school! There are so many opportunities and friendly people. The campus is beautiful, so beautiful that its rated #1 by The Princeton Review. Food is top quality and there is even a 5-start restaurant on campus. Professors are passionate and learning environment is amazing. USD is a place to truly succeed.
As difficult as this school is, its nice that its the most beautiful campus in the country.
AMAZING
Simply the best.
First-year student here. Pretty good school. Has most of what you'll need on campus. Professors are accessible, classes are the right size. Not very many social opportunities, however.
This college is overhyped. Seriously, if you go here you're not going to like it. All I can say is -_-
This is an awesome school and I loved all four years! USD is what you make it. There are endless opportunities to join clubs/greek life/ professional fraternities and the more you put in you get out. The campus is absolutely beautiful, the classes are small, and 99% of the teachers are amazing.
It's great if you're a rich white kid. People are elitist and there are a lot of cliques. I have heard a lot that there is discrimination, but I haven't experienced it personally. Classes are the perfect size and some professors are great, but you have to do your research. Low key regret coming here.
If you want a small camps environment, this is the school to attend. Small classes so be prepared to attend classes. The professors really care about you and will help you in any way they can. It is in an amazing location and the best place to live
Its unreal
Amazing institution. Top notch academics, amazing food, beautiful campus, great profs, and parties at the beach every weekend: that's USD. Wish I could go back...
I really like the school but it is not as diverse as it should be. It could improve in its diversity. Overall it's a beautiful campus and the teachers are good and the support is amazing. I just wish it was more diverse.
I honestly love USD. Everyone is very inviting and friendly. The campus is beyond beautiful located on a hill viewing the beach, along with downtown. The food is incredible and I'm never tired of it. The dorms could definitely use renovating but I know they are in the process of that. The school does a good job at creating many events on campus.
This school is amazing. PERIOD. it has welcoming students, safe atmosphere, and is in a great location. USD Prepares you for a vocation that any of its students desire to pursue.
The first time I feel like I am learning something useful everyday that I am on campus.
It can take a while for some students to adjust
This school perpetrates a second and seemingly endless stage of adolescent behavior as opposed to preparing those who are ready to thrive in the real world, and it is obvious from the moment one steps on campus.
I love USD
Excelente university but the parking terrible
Great college
LOVE it here, definitely not ready to graduate this spring and have to leave this school
My dream school so don't mind me being biased. Beautiful, sunny San Diego. Small, but not too small. People and professors are so amazing, nice, and genuine. Lots of good and free food opportunities. I'm a first year and already going abroad thanks to the amazing clubs on campus. Also, fraternity and sorority life is bopping still.
It has a beautiful campus I recommend you at least visit.
love this place, the people, the faculty, the resources, the classes. something for everyone. Everyone here is cared for, respected, valued, and appreciated.
Overall, USD is a great school. Very competitive and academic based. If you are looking to party this school is not for you
A more academic focused school with small class sizes giving a professor and student connection.
Going to USD was the best decision I have ever made, hands down. Sko toreros!
USD is the best school ever. Period. No where else I would rather be. GO TOREROS!
Amazing school, amazing campus & location, amazing people.
Literally the best school never! The clubs are great and so is the greek life! Although it is a smaller university you still see new people everyday! I was a little skeptical first attending but within a week I fell in love. The campus is so beautiful and the weather is amazing. Delicious food as well! Also lots of cute boys lol
Best school ever.
I transferred out of here after one year. After graduating, reflecting back- it was way worse here than I had originally thought. VERY elitist school, and this manifests in nearly every aspect of everyday life here. So many snobs in the student body and amongst teachers, and good luck with the administration!
Love this school! GO TORREROS
i love this school. I am from the midwest and it a def a culture shock but its so fun to meet so many new people. i have found my friends for life here. the people around you will help you be the best student you can be. there are so many resources to help you when you graduate and also help you decide your major or get internships.
Sometimes it feels more like a tropical vacation than school. The beach is only 5 minutes away and downtown San Diego is 10-15 minutes away. Great professors with small class sizes so you really do get to know them. Plus amazing food!! Every day I'm soooo happy I chose USD! :) Go Toreros!
AMAZING school an environment
The staff is good for most subjects, I wasn't fond of the religious professors. The location is phenomenal theres so much to do in san diego. The people are very eh though for the most part, made 90% of my friends outside of campus.
