I love this school, wouldn't want to be anywhere else. The best decision I ever made choosing this school.
Overall USD is a good school, but watch out... all they do is screw you over in little ways. For example, if you take a "normal" course load (according to your advisor) every semester, you will not graduate on time and will be forced to pay for extra classes. Advisors will force you into majors you don't want (will refuse to give you change form).
Worth the cost. Classes are shaping social innovators of the future. Small enough to have meaningful relationships with professors and mentors, but big enough where you can create your own identity.
USD offers a small classroom experience that allows for a more personal engagement with students and faculty. Being in the Business School, most professors are very quality people and have jobs in the industry, providing real-world application to the classroom. The location does not get better and the food around campus is unreal and has variety.
There aren't any big classes (35-40 at the absolute largest) and the professors are really nice and really care. So, above all else, the actual education is great.
Great school.
Super progressive school!- take that as you will. Does not follow a very Catholic background as it proclaims, so if that's your reason to go there... may not be for you. Campus itself is beautiful. Smaller class sizes give you a chance to truly learn, ask questions, receive needed help, and find opportunities. Feels like a very prestigious place.
Amazing Business + Real Estate Program.
USD is a nice school and the faculty is amazing. I feel pretty safe walking around campus even at night. The only downside is food. They serve the same food every single day.
I didn't want to come here at first and it wasn't my first choice school, but now I am glad I went here. There are some safety issues - guy broke into dorms, cars get broken into/stolen, but there really is no concern for safety beyond that. Food is good and they have a career program which every student has to complete and it helps a lot.
love it but it isn't right for me in the sense that I need to be back home in the mountains
Really great school. I found my upper-division courses very challenging but most of the professors have really interesting lectures and various tutoring services. I've found myself sad that lectures were almost over I've never had that happen before. Socially it can be somewhat clicky but most people find their spot (maybe a Covid thing in my case)
Transferred here from a community college which makes it more difficult to make friends here. Engineering department is good for the most part, and overall class sizes are nicely sized. However, USD is way too expensive for what you get. Unless you absolutely want to go here for whatever reason, you're better off going to a public school.
