This is an incredible school! All of my friends would do it all over again in a heartbeat if we could!
Been to one HBCU been to them all...
It's was the worst college/university I have attended.
Great school, especially for Business school students. opportunities everywhere.
Needs many renovations. Internet in dorms does not work often. Met many great people and learned a lot
Hampton University is certainly a top-tier university.  The experience was priceless.  Put in time studying, and you will likely succeed.  Most professors are very helpful, and offer help during their office hours.
the food is terrible but its a cafeteria. There are many great professors but the buildings need remodeling. I'm satisfied with the school and the experiences.
Hampton is a good school despite what people say. If it wasn't a good school we wouldn't have a graduation class.It is particularly good for business and journalism. "Hampton is what you make it" is the motto for many of us. if you join things, make friends(older ones*) you'll enjoy it. our school has a lot of traditions that people envy.I enjoy it
not all what its cracked up to be
GO Pirates!
cool
#QT9
Hampton takes a lot of adjusting to. Since it is a private school there are a lot of rules. But overall the school is good. The campus is beautiful and its huge benefit i the end. Once you graduate from the school you will be appreciative of the rules and prohibitions the school has. Most of all, the school is filled with smart students.
school campus is always dry, especially on the weekends
It's fun !!!
Hampton is really what you make it.  These can be the best years of your life, or the worst. But don't come to Hampton expecting to party. There are some, but they're usually exclusive or you have to pay for them. This is a learning environment,  but can still have loads of fun.
this is a great school but you will need a car
Hampton University is honestly what you make it. I love it hear but you have to be social to love it. #TheRealHU
There are positives and negatives.
Everyone knows of the four top rated HBCU's, and hampton's one of them. However, if you're from up North and not surrounded by a black community, nobody knows of it. Making it hard to obtain a job. My mother went here and from what she said nothing has changed except the cafeteria. This school is extremely old. We just got wifi "fixed" this year.
If you have a scholarship by all means i fully understand. But if you're not on a scholarship do yourself a favor and apply some where else. you can pay less and get more ANYWHERE
Great School! Wonderful Networking opportunities. The professors truly care about your success. While some require more work then others, Hampton is overall a very rewarding school where you'll making lasting  friendships and relationships! THE REAL HU!!!
