Hampton is what you make it, you have to apply yourself not just in academics but in your social life also.
Love to be a Hamptonian !
Hampton is what you make it. The more involved you are the better experience.
Hampton is... unique. I personally feel that there are a multitude of things that need to be improved on this campus, and a number of things need to be completely removed. However, it's an institution of higher learning, and everyone wants to change something. I just feel that Hampton needs to be more student oriented and less business oriented...
Hampton University  is a phenomenal institution geared towards ensuring its students happiness and success both inside and outside of the classroom.
Hampton is all about your mindset. Be open and put yourself out there, and a variety of opportunities will present themselves to you. If you remain closed off from others, you won't enjoy your time here.
I love my HIU.
I love this school, while no school is perfect Hampton University stacks up nicely when it comes to experience, and education. You learn not only in the classroom, but in life to. I feel like Hampton is adequately preparing me for the rest of my life.
Hampton is a small private HBCU. As a result, many of the students are kids of alumni (mainly well to do alumni). Very segregated into cliques and many students are concerned with social status. Parties are basically invite only at "the harbors". The school throws some on campus parties, but they are wack. Hampton does have a good rep among HBCU's
Hampton is out in the middle of nowhere so  there is not really a club life but there if def ALWAYS something to do. And also, the food is ok, but there are many options every time I go to the cafe I never leave hungry.
Don't come here with a closed mind.
Hampton University is overall a great school. At the end of the day it is what you make of it.
Hampton is what you make it. If you come here and sit in your room all day you will hate it. Not many clubs only harbor & holland parties. This school is NOT for weak minded people! HU will challenge you in every aspect just about everyday. Sometimes HU can be overly Christian. Dressing nice is a must.! Great 5year MBA program. Dorms are okay
For school that cost $36,000 a year many renovations need to be done. The dorms are bottom of the barrel  that's one thing they do not show you on the tour when you visit because they are shameful. To get in touch with anybody at financial aid is like pulling teeth cafeterias terrible but Hampton is what you make it
Hampton is very much an historic school, and prides itself because of it.  Teachers are generally helpful (some more than others) and classes gradually get more challenging to prepare you for the next step.  The food is usually trash, but every now and then they surprise us with something delightful.
Freshmen year, I absolutely HATED the environment. Opportunities felt slim to none for freshmen because applications are usually open for second semester freshmen-- not really good for you trying to initially find your niche as soon as you step foot on campus in the fall. Despite adversities, I have grown to ultimately love my Home by the Sea!
Hampton Is What You Make It Honestly. Ive Met The Love Of My Life On This Campus. So It Has Its Bright Side To It. I Love My Home By The Sea.
It seems as though the school only cares about business and reputation. The school has potential to do better but it requires great leaders. I believe they should focus more on students and their needs versus what goes in their pocket.  How about better staff? better professors?
Hampton is a great school. Some folks seem to be stuck in HS & the freshmen usually think that they are in charge for some reason. But just mind your business and do your work. You'll land some great opportunities and make great connections.
Hampton swears they are the standard of excellence but the staff is really lazy and don't communicate with each other. HAMPTON RUN AROUND IS SO REAL!!
overall a good college. There's not much around to do if you don't have a car, on campus which freshmen can't have. Very little in walking distance but Hampton makes up for it by having an abundance on-campus activities. There's something happening every day.
the education at the school is great but there are lot of things the school needs to work on such as the living situations, the food, the building A/C, the wifi and more
I'm honestly glad I chose Hampton. Overall my experience here so far has been pretty good.
Overall, this place is okay
I thoroughly enjoyed my time at Hampton, while no school is perfect Hampton offers it's students a UNIQUE education that is family oriented, uplifting and extends well beyond the classroom.
Excellent HBCU, well rounded and welcoming to everyone
It wasn't the right fit for me. The campus is isolated on a bridge, it takes forever to just go grocery shopping, and they say they're diverse but they aren't. I transferred because I needed more opportunities within my field.
Terrible area, terrible food, internet rarely works on campus. If you want to go out to eat somewhere you will have to take an uber which will cost minimum of $15.
At Hampton, networking is important
Needs a makeover
Beware of the infamous "Hampton Runaround." You will be bounced around from one building to the next many times, all for the same issue. Instead of calling one another, they send you across campus to solve the issue, but then you'll be met with another person that "doesn't know." If there wasn't a character limit, I could go on forever.
