I like it
Overall a beautiful campus. Staff, facilities, organization all need improvement.
While Hampton University is a beautiful campus literally by the water, many of the buildings, both academic and residential, need interior make-overs. I do understand preserving the historical aesthetic, but I think most of the admin and student body would agree that upgrades are needed. Also, pick a school with a solid rep in your chosen major.
If I could transfer I would. It works out for most, but not everyone. I'd rather be back at home. It's very uniform around here (bougie) and everyone is just held to this standard and if you don't meet it, its hard to connect with people. 2nd semester of sophomore year and still don't have a close friend. It's depressing. But thats just me.
HAMPTON UNIVERSITY looks great on the outside but inside leads to disappointments. The levels of disappointment vary by department and program but HU needs to step it up in order to live up to its own standard.
Deceiving, moldy rooms and infested dorms, faulty faculty, some professors dont care and are rude, people are stuck-up, small rooms and washing and drying machines, nasty food, this school is all about reputation. Dont come here. There are much better HBCUs. Its not fun either.
Do your research.
I got my degree! I worked hard and it is done! Its over thank God
College is what you make it, anywhere you go. Your experience is all centered around YOU. There are endless opportunities, it's whether you chose to capitalize on them or not.
enjoyed my experience
Love it here all around
Good school for academics but not if you are looking to have a lit college experience
My father went here and the school was absolutely amazing. The view is phenomenal looking out at the water front from your dorm is magnificent. The buildings needs to be updated with air conditioning, teachers are very welcoming. Met a ton of people from different places, the clubs are fun, the social environment was amazing.
Horrible experience here. The food is only good/decent when they know were having events that outside company is attending like high schoolers/ admitted students day, parent weekend, & alumni week. Freshman have curfew mon-Fri 11p & 1a on weekends. If you want to sign out they call your parents to make sure youre really where u say i are.
Good school, some things could be better.
It's a decent school academic wise, but other than that the school is trash
It is an HBCU and through all of its struggles you grow to love it.
An amazing HBCU to attend. Although we're not the "real" HU, we are the REAL HU.
The school itself is overly traditional. I had the worst experience which is why I along with many other students transferred as fast as I could. Health care sucks, financial aid office acts clueless, old dorms, etc. On the bright side, pretty campus, decent food, has a lot of school pride and some good professors.
The school is good at times and then terrible the rest of the year! Most of the professors in the biology department are old as I dont know what and one of them even comes to class late all the time! Dr. Watkins tries to make it seem like he will help you when your own advisor basically cant because hes that old, but then he dont help you at all
Hampton is a great school for academics and opportunities. The alumni connection is really strong and will come in handy. This is definitely not the school for you If you're looking for a party school. Mostly just small gatherings on a need to know basis. In a rural/suburban area so no special things to do around. Really have to make your own fun.
