Bars, Beaches and Babes
5 min drive to the beach in one direction and a 5 minutes drive downtown in the opposite direction. best of both worlds
Perfect school, great environment, excellent location, and overall the best!
Great school and it is on the rise on many levels. I have been to many other schools around NC and VA and UNCW is no more of a "party school" than UNC or George Mason. I would highly recommend UNCW as a school for many reasons.
Chancellor and those making decisions don't care about faculty or students. It's all about money. Inadequate parking, construction, and increasing tuition and fees are a constant on this campus.
I am non-traditional transfer student majoring in Elementary Ed with a concentration in English. The professors in the Watson School of Education are top-notch! I couldn't be more happy with my decision to attend UNCW.
I had a wonderful experience at UNCW. So much so that I stayed for a 5th year! Wonderful professors and great resources for learning. Plus the cafeteria (Wagoner Hall, or "Wag") Is pretty good. Wilmington is a GREAT town and I still visit frequently. UNCW is around 10 min. from Wrighsville   Beach. Probably too much time spent there. A MUST VISIT
This is the most beautiful campus.  And it is so wonderfully close to the beach!  I have received a great education from here.
I absolutely love it at UNCW. The professors are helpful and the campus is gorgeous. The beginning of the fall semester is really hot but its stays relatively temperate the rest of the year. Everyone is in shape and the rec center is awesome. And its getting expanded so its going to be even more awesome! You should choose UNCW!!!
I LOVE going to school here!! Everyone is sooo friendly and the environment is soo chill! Great, parties, professors and food! Plus the beach is like 10 mins away what more can you ask for!!
it's by the beach with gorgeous, tan, skinny people. It's pretty much the best school EVER
Wonderful school!
Go here you will love it
Ranked one of the best universities in the southeast, UNCW is the perfect school for academics, sports, organizations, and is 5 miles from the beach.
sucks
It was the BEST decision I made to attend UNCW.  It is a well rounded school and I always have something to do in Wilmington/Wilmywood!  The beach is 5 min away and historic downtown is minutes away in the opposite direction!  Movies and t.v shows are filmed here such as one tree hill so you can make a bit of money being an extra.
This school is highly competitive and is on it's way up.  Overall, the school is great, the people are always happy, and the professors? Beyond amazing.
It's humid and attracts natural disasters
Teachers that care.  Student body is mostly like a family.  Near the beach in a city that has everything to offer you.  Beautiful campus.
very good school, good education, great spot, beautiful women.. love everything
I love UNCW :)
Go Seahawks!
The students at UNCW are some of the nicest, most friendly people you'll ever meet. Smiles and hellos are normal on Chancellor's walk! And the beach is SO close!
I live on campus and would recommend it to most as parking is horrible and theres only 1 road that goes all the way around campus. The campus PD is terribly bored and write TONS of tickets for EVERYTHING! School spends $$$ like water and YOU pay for it! Nothing is open late... Girls are hot though, and overall its not too bad of a college exp.
I loved it there! But ultimately I wasn't ready for such a prestigious college... But I'm very open to going back to finish up my bachelor's and possibly my future masters degree. The campus is stunningly beautiful and Wilmington is a great place to be, which is why it was my #1 choice out of high school. I highly recommend this college! <3
BEST school for your money! SO close to the beach! Everyone is down to earth and you have a lot to do in Wilmington as well as on campus!
I wanted to come to this school more than anything. I worked real hard to get here. I heard so many great things. Other than the campus being pretty to the eye-everything else is horrible. This is the worst decision I have ever made. Don't come here if you want to explore, research or be taught anything, the advisers are immature & the teaching D-.
Living on the beach is the best choice for any school
Lovely open campus. Same architecture no mismatch buildings. Lots of career opportunities and a vibrant social life.
Future students: I wanted to come to Uncw alot, as well, the advisers are very quick to respond to you, (you just have to ask the right questions!). Nevertheless, I LOVE it here! Why would you want to leave? Uncw is a secret powerhouse of opportunities, you just have to work hard! So far, my Prof.'s are young and full of new ideas!
unfortunately Uncw fooled me. The beach and campus are beautiful and its easy to get caught up in. But the university does not care about its students. It charges us for everything, and cuts everything from academics (many departments have only one section of a class) to development (our rec center has been under construction for three years)
UNCW is a good school. It is close to many stores and shops, so on the weekends its easy to find something. The same thing goes for finding in-town jobs. The campus itself is nice. There is a decent amount of trees and flowers so the school doesn't look too crowded. Some building are older but they are decent. Its close to the beaches which is a +.
I absolutely love UNCW! i came from out of state and am so glad i did. this school has great professors-all of my profs have graduated from either Duke or Chapel Hill. This school has really strong programs, plus the campus and location are beautiful! i definitely recommend coming here!
far less happy than I thought i'd be here
If you really want to get involved in campus life, go visit the Fisher Student Center and the Fisher Student Union. They are "home base" for any and all campus clubs and organizations!
After spending two miserable years at Community College I finally got to experience a wonderful school life here! Teachers, campus, location, people, and the school in general is all awesome! Come to this fantastic school and experience the greatness here for yourself!
Honestly the school is ok but they are not considerate of the students during the registration period. For many of the classes most bio students need, only has like one to two people teaching it which limits the number of people in the class to like ~80-100 all together. Location and appearance wise I would give the school like a 6 out of 10.
I'm thrilled with my decision to go to UNCW. It's the perfect location, an awesome church nearby (Port City Community Church) and tons of groups & activities on campus. Downtown Wilmington is nearby too & there's awesome places to eat & shop. I can't imagine myself anywhere else :)
UNCW has one of the most gorgeous campuses I have ever seen. It it located, including traffic, 10 minutes from downtown and 10 minutes from the beach. I have never had a professor who was just completely unfair and unreasonable. Most Professors are laid back and relaxed with a beach attitude, and willing to help you. I'm in love with UNCW.
UNCW is amazing. The people are awesome, the campus is beautiful, and it's at the beach. Academics are pretty good as well. If you're lucky enough to get a chance to come here, you should take it.
I went here my freshman year. Did not like it at all.
I thoroughly enjoyed my college experience.
I could not be happier that I attended this school instead of Chapel Hill! The campus is beautiful, the location is great (has access to a city and a beach!), the students are beyond friendly and welcoming, and the professors are top-notch. I have now had dozens of prof's here and they have all graduated from UNC, Duke, or Wake Forest. Sooo happy
School of Education and programs in the School of Education are the best in the area. Professors are excellent.
It is just a great school all around!
Next to the ocean
great school
I LOVE UNCW!!
Being close to the beach does not make UNCW worth it.  If I could do it over again, I would go anywhere else.
Amazing school, but not for everyone. Campus is beautiful and 5 miles from the beach. Library and dining halls could use work, but are bearable. Everyone longboards or bikes around campus and is very friendly. Many opportunities to get involved on campus which is nice.
This is my second semester here after transferring spring semester from Chicago, IL and so far I've enjoyed it. People seem a little "clique-y" and like to hangout with their own group, but if you're at least somewhat outgoing and/or get involved it isnt a problem. Overall the campus is gorgeous and only 10 min from the beach too! Good professors !
Love the dub!!!
Great school, lovely campus, really like overall. I feel though, that some of the professors should be re-evaluated for proficiency and effectiveness. 2 out of my 4 teachers don't seem to have any sense of organization and the other 2 don't seem to care about the students at all. Hopefully next semester will be better!
Everyone, please consider this school. It's the best thing that has ever happened to me. I love it here and I want you to love your school as much as I do.
Great School
Something for everyone, a really great place to live and learn.
The perfect school! Relaxing environment, great professors, greek life is amazing, and tons of clubs and majors for everyone! only 5 mins from the beach too!
I LOVE UNCW
Great professors, beautiful campus, awesome location. There's plenty to do. It's the perfect school! I love every minute of it.
Great location, academics, and support systems! Highly recommend!
UNCW is the perfect atmosphere for a campus. There is always something to do on campus and it is amazing to have the beach a couple minutes away!
Phenomenal
Probably some of the best professors you could ever get an experience with. The professors here are so brilliant and with the classroom ratio being smaller than the much larger schools, you can actually have a relationship with such intelligent people and learn a lot more.  Definitely the most welcoming professors I could have ever asked for.
3/5 for career oportunites b/c i have yet to experience this
Wonderful beach atmosphere with great people.
I love UNCW! The professors are amazing and the overall atmosphere is awesome! Such a beautiful campus! It's the perfect balance between work and fun! I have learned so much here both in and out of class!
As an upcoming graduate, I love UNCW and will be forever grateful to the admissions staff for allowing me the opportunity to attend such a phenomenal school.While, I did not plan on coming here at first, I now could never see myself attending any other school than this one. Some of the best years of my life have happened here.
Decent second tier school.  Moving up as a university but wish I had gone to a more prominent school.
Run away
It is not what I expected
I love UNCW! As a minority, there were some adjustments to get used to. But overall, UNCW is a great school. There are different clubs & activities to get involved in and there is always something to do. The culture of UNCW is far more relaxed than other schools. UNCW does an great job of having so many amenities for students & the beach is a plus!
Loved it here. Going back for my Masters.
Go Seahawks!
This university has a very "down to earth" atmosphere. While classes may be stressful, the overall experience that I have had has been great. People are kind and there is a strong sense of school spirit. I always feel at home when I am on campus!
UNCW is the best decision I ever made.  It is essentially a private school for the public cost.  Good professors, great town, gorgeous campus.
The internet here is pretty awful at times.  They said they totally fixed it all before the school year of 2013 started, but it's still awful.
Boring campus life and the wifi sucks but everything else is pretty straight.
It's boring but really nice.
Great school if you like going to the beach and not doing your work. Also have fun walking around lots of polo's sperry's and greek letters.
I am n love with UNCW and the area! It is a great school!! The faculty and staff are wonderful and you cannot beat the location.
It is an awesome school but Wilmington isn't the best "night life" city for people who are under the age of 21.
I transferred here and I am glad I did. Not really involved in campus activities, but who needs that when you have the beach in your backyard! Professors are decent, campus is really nice, and its pretty affordable.
Campus is gorgeous, I love it here!
LOVE IT!
A wonderful place to be!
AWESOME
best school ever
h
it cool
Instructors are very aloof and primarily interested in publishing, research, and grants.  Student's are of secondary concern.  The school attracts students because of its proximity to the beach.  Stay away if you want value for your tuition dollars.
UNCW is great
It's great. More than exceeded my expectations so far. I've had some terrific professors so far. Really top-shelf
UNCW is the best decision I've made in a long time. Great professors, great atmosphere, the beach, a healthy night life, and awesome people. Do not hesitate to attend. One foot on campus, you'll be hooked.
There is always something going on, it just a matter of finding the thing that is the perfect fit for you. You have every resource available that you could ever think of. And the location is impeccable, beach, downtown, new housing going up currently, and any store you may need within a 10 minute drive or less. I love this place.
yes
Without looking at the bureaucracy this is a great school. Our business, nursing and education programs are really coming in to their own. Over all the professors are good at what they do, and the school is not over incumbered with worthless  tenured idiots. I made the decision not to follow the NCSU 2+2 and I'm glad I didn't. UNCW is right for me.
its a great underrated school
Don't forget to spend a lot of time at the beach and frisbee golfing as well as studying
Great school! And, it's near the beach!
Love this school. Hard to resist skipping class in favor of the beach on a beautiful day though. If you can make it to class, the friendliness and overall atmosphere of everyone makes this the best campus. Not to mention all the beautiful people
It is a fun school at a great location to everything. Most of the professors are good, the TA's are ok for labs. There is not much to do for night life if you are under 21. During the weekends there is also not much to do. Over all the school is great. Oh! Do not forget to bring your rain jackets/boots (it monsoons when it rains).
SOOOO GREAT
Fun college but on campus living and dining are not something I'd recommend. Also administration is a pain to deal with but that is the same everywhere. Most teachers are caring and know their stuff with of course a few exceptions.
nicE school
I love the school and most of my professors, but the guidance counselors are horrible. I have friends in different majors who all feel the same. Counselors are paid to help students, but they are lazy and send you back and forth between other counselors to get work done. You are better off asking a professor to help you than a counselor.
The four years I spent at UNCW will remain some of the most cherished memories of my life. I love and miss my Seahawk family, and remain exceedingly grateful for the opportunity to attend this school. If you dare to soar, then you should definitely come here.
LOVE it!
The quality of education is good and most professors are very knowledgable and helpful. You are getting a great value for your tuition dollar! As far as life off campus goes, they have good shopping in Mayfaire, restaurants here and there, and of course the beach in summer! However, off-season you're pretty much limited if you're not into clubbing.
Awesome school!
I love UNCW!!
A very fun school and close to the beach. the teachers and staff are extremely helpful and are committed to your education.
If you've got class early on the other side of campus, you have to leave at least 20 minutes. Expect to get lost a time or two.
UNCWonderful!
The food is not that bad could be better though. The internet can be pretty spotty at times but in most locations on campus it works pretty well. Overall I love UNCW and how close to the beach we are
I love University of North Carolina at Wilmington - it''s only my first month here but I can already tell it is the perfect place for me XD
Growing school, Great School for Business
Do I really have to graduate?
Bike or long board is essential for those long walks across campus especially from an Honors student that has to walk to Hanover every Monday and Wednesday and the hawkwifi is not always reliable.
Beautiful campus, love all the big trees and brick, has a historic feel to it. Awesome professors, just the right size school. The beach is 5 miles away need I say more?
My class schedule is amazing and we're like a family.
This is a wonderful school to go to if you are looking to get a University education with a small school feel.  So happy I transferred here.
Best beach school out there. Not to big, not to small. Love the atmosphere.
Had a good time, not very diverse in social class. Wastes a lot of money fixing things that aren't broke.
As a minority student, I came to campus feeling as if I wouldn't quite fit in with everyone. But from the moment I arrived until now, I have always felt as if is where I belonged. Everyone on campus is so friendly, smaller than a lot of other UNC schools (you get to know faces and names well), right next to the beach! Beautiful city.
I was never able to find a job for a college grad even though I had good grades. Don't do English Literature unless you plan to teach. Curriculum should just stick to the great books of Western Culture. There should be two exams and about 10 pages of writing per course. Should get rid of all degrees that have no market value.
Beautiful campus by the beach. DEF needs improvement on food aspect.
Great and continuing to get better.
There is NOWHERE open to eat on sunday except wag. they need more options, it's awful. and there should be allowed 24 hour guests everyday. we aren't children
Only gets better
It's amazing.
Everyone is so laid back and chill.  The campus is beautiful & there's nothing but warm vibes.  It's the beach. It's exactly what I love.
UNCW is a hidden gem and I'm so happy I came here!
go hawks
The school is absolutely amazing, i just get homesick occasionally. I would highly recommend coming here!
I loved my time here at UNCW.
Best place ever. Hands down.
Love, love, LOVE it here! Was sad to find out they didn't have a graduate program for my field because Wilmington and UNCW truly became a second home to me.
Paradise on earth. Perfect size, great faculty, so many opportunities, Great atmospherecity.
UNCW is great! The wifi is still a work in progress, but that's the only issue.
UNCW is seriously one of the best colleges in NC. Come take a tour. You won't regret it!
UNCW is a wonderful campus, with relatively nice housing. Certain schools of study are more accredited than others but fantastic for: Business, Nursing, Education,  and Sciences. The campus encourages study abroad but make sure to do it early on. Cons: Administration is political and unproductive, pray to god you don't get behind academically.
Love it here
UNCW is so beautiful and everyone here is chill.  Everyday you see people exercising, napping on the grass or being artistic in the amphitheater.  The beach is right next door and there is a gorgeous downtown riverfront.  Perfect beachy college you've always wanted.
It's not all it is cracked up to be.  You can definitely spend 4 years here but I would rather be somewhere else.
It's an okay school.
Centrally located campus between downtown Wilmington, and it's gorgeous riverfront, and between Wrightsville Beach. The school offers a great business program... A lot of retired executives live in the area and love giving back to the students, this makes an awesome resource when it comes to looking for a job or internship. A lot of cool people.
Internet sucks, love my teachers, if you love warm weather and the beach come here
UNCW is great!
Awesomeeeeeeee
transferred to uncw - i feel right at home!
You should go here ;)
Transferred here and absolutely love it! It is a beautiful campus that is 10 minutes from the beach. There are so many things to do on and off campus as long as you make a point to get involved and not just sit in your dorm room. Come here if you get the chance!!
Awesome school
idk
in love
The best
I fell in love with the campus when I toured a few years ago.  It's the best decision I've made!  You meet lots of new people and experiences won't be forgotten.  Make sure you study, though!  It's not like High School here.
The school grounds, location, and community is amazing. The professors are quite hit & miss. Some are wonderful while other simply dont want to be here. The advising is horrible and registering for classes is done on a platform that the best way to put it is it looks like intenet from the 90s. There certainly is a prestige that accompanies UNCW.
I came for the film incentives. Now they're leaving.
Overall a great school. It is my home away from home!
Beautiful campus. Quality education.
Not what I expected, but overall not bad.  Beautiful campus and beautiful buildings.
Greek life isn't all that big but you will know when you have someone in greek life around you. People are really snotty and stuck up. Campus is beautiful. The food gets real old real quick. Nicest Rec Center you will ever see!!
As a transfer student, I couldn't have possibly picked a more better school than UNCW. The atmosphere is amazing and I have yet to have a bad teacher. I don't want to see the year end. I will be sad to leave come May. :(
The campus is great, classes are good, however the administrators are terrible. Every office you contact tends to pass off the responsibility to another office, they do not address the concerns, and there is absolutely no collaboration with students. For every problem I've had, this seems to be the case. Plan on never needing to contact a dean!!
Doesn't have many fratssororities, but you'll learn to hate the ones we do have. Also no football team. Otherwise, great school, no complaints.
UNCW has everything. The campus is beautiful and the location is perfect. There's something for everyone at UNCW and it really offers so many things to do. Go Seahawks!
AWESOME GO SEAHAWKS
Wouldn't go anywhere else is you payed me!
It's an amazing campus and school environment. There are the usual ups and downs associated with this school, but I love it!
