Just a regular, boring college. At least there's a beach.
Amazing school and place
I love this school. It's a great university in a great location. All of the staff and students are very friendly and seem very happy to be here. It's easy to meet people and fill your time here if you're willing to put yourself out there.
Didn't come here for the beach. It is more than a coastal school. Bars downtown and at the beach gives a variety of options and wilmington itself has many things to entertain college students.
good
I love being a Seahawk.
UNCW was never my top choice; I even applied to transfer elsewhere after my first semester, but when I came back in January, I started to appreciate the place. Wilmington is very built up (unfortunate) but being near the beach is awesome. Food is ok, if you're not vegan- but they are trying hard to fix that.
BEST SCHOOL EVER!!!
Love it here.
All around a good campus, very safe, and provides a good education. Close to the beach too.
I LOVE UNCW!!!!!!!
The Dub is literally the best campus I could have ever imagined.
The campus is very clean and looks extremely nice. Its a great school.
BEST SCHOOL ON THE PLANET. Enough said. Who doesn't want to live at the beach?
Love Wilmington along with the school.  IT really caters to many different types of people.  Really is a blessing to be a student here!
Beautiful campus in a beautiful little city. Beach is amazing, downtown is charming, the people are wonderful here.
Beautiful campus. The dining halls and hawkwifi could be better, though.
Beautiful campus, a few minutes from the beach, very nice people. Not many grad programs though.
At first was reluctant to come here but now I never want to leave. My classes are challenging but all my professors are very willing to help. Beautiful campus and there is always stuff going on. I am a member of a sorority and I love it. Uncw is the greatest place on the planet
A beautiful campus with endless places to study or just relax. The Rec center has rentals for any outdoor activity from camping to water sports. Most of the buildings are updated but a few could use a little fixing up. The food is good most days but there are the few expected bad days. Overall, I'm very happy to be studying at UNCW.
This is the worst school I have ever been to. Community college is a better choice. Don't go here.
Impressive school in all aspects. There are only two negatives: no football team and smoking is allowed on campus.
This is my home away from home. My final two choices were Carolina and UNCW, and I have no regrets about coming here. The campus is beautiful, the people are extremely friendly, and it's impossible not to have friends!
I love UNCW. When I visit other campuses, I am positive I made the best choice in a school.
The Dub is awesome! Everyone is super chill and beautiful, lots of opportunities in all the fields of work. The biology and chemistry departments are really strong. Lots of surfers. Fraternity life isn't as crazy as in other places, but frats here are pretty cool. Lots of diversity on campus and the beach makes everything even better. I love it.
Wonderful campus, wonderful people, excellent opportunities, incredibly helpful faculty and staff, top notch learning environment, and so, SO much fun! I'm extremely glad that I chose this University over any other. I definitely feel like I belong here.
The college is not bad, but you have some professors who are trolls.  They are snooty and do not offer extra assistance to the students.  I liked it, but my experience could have been better.
Not the best school you can get but it could be worse.
Very quickly has become my home. I ABSOLUTELY LOVE it here! Tons of churches around UNCW that makes it easy for me to find community. I would recommend bringing your car and rain jacket though!
UNCW is the happiest campus I've ever seen. Rain or shine, this school is a community of people who are right where they want to be. I LOVE YOU SEAHAWKS
This school has offered me more bureaucratic complications than education. Despite finishing high school with 34 AP credits, every semester I was plagued with course registration errors and  had to forfeit my opportunity to graduate early. After biting that bullet and encumbering more debt, they have yet to send me my degree. I wouldn't go here.
If I could choose another college and start over anywhere in NC , I would!  I missed my entire first semester due to the administration losing my paperwork and then not being able to find my financial aid.  An absolutely awful experience in it's entirety.  Great for ones that only go to the beach and party and don't need an education and job after-
Wilmington is a beautiful school with professors that really care about student success. There is a lot to do on campus, plus the beach is only ten minutes away.
k
UNCW is a great school, I would dare to say that in many ways it is better than the overrated UNC. Also the size allows for a lot of great opportunities you wouldn't be exposed to at a larger state school. Cameron School of Business is the BEST!
I started school here a bit older and more experienced than everyone else.  All I can say is that it hasn't been a good experience for me.  I didn't really find this campus as "diverse" and "inclusive" as they make it out to be.  Snob nosed.  I think there are definitely some professors here that will do their best to weed you out subjectively.
UNCW IS AMAZING
I love UNCW. It's 10 minutes from the beach, what more could you ask for? I love it here so far. There is a lot to do, and if you are bored on the weekend then you are doing it wrong. The Rec center is amazing and there is a movie theater on campus. Only complaints are that the wifi is super spotty and the food is typical cafeteria food, but its ok
Wow, can't say enough about this little slice of heaven!
Such a beautiful campus and atmosphere!
UNCW is the greatest university one could choose. It has everything one needs and the beach being close does not hurt. One of the greatest decision I have ever made.
Awesome sauce
UNCW's location is great. Unfortunately, my experience here was not exactly what I was expecting so I am transferring to another school. The library was one of my favorite places on campus, spent a lot of time there studying and working on assignments. The food is what you would expect for a college campus. Beautiful school, just not the right fit.
Home away from Home!
love love love
LOVE LOVE LOVE UNCW couldn't have chosen a better school.
Beautiful campus great opportunities for everyone
This campus is amazing. There is no reason anyone would regret coming here
Pretty awesome. Wish people took us more seriously and Wi-Fi could be better.
Really beautiful place to live! Always things to do on and off campus. Really nervous first coming here because I thought it was going to be a preppy white school. Let me tell you, its NOT. There are skater guys, surfers, pot-heads, preppy girls, stoner girls, models. So glad I chose here over NC State! Everyone is super friendly to you!
UNCW is in a great town that is not too populated or too empty and many shops on and near campus are college centered it's also near the beach which is great if you like that. I grew up in this town and now I go to college here it's pretty great.
How could you not want to be here, everyone is so friendly and its beautiful here
dope
It was my first choice and always will be.
Love this school! Everyone is so nice! It's beautiful and the location is awsome. It's got great vibes and wonderful people. There's pretty much something for everyone. Theres usually some good parties on the weekends (it can be hard for guys to get in sometimes) but theres good nightlife downtown. Theres always something to do, it's never boring.
ehh.
while the draw of the beach may lead you here, watch out! This school has nothing outstanding about it and if not for its location near the beach would likely have a rep for being "bland". Look else where
It is an excellent school, the academics are respected, the internet is not the best, but it is still a good school to attend.
This campus is awesome. There are so many opportunities and everyone is friendly. Also, UNCW has the best value.
UNCW is a super chill place where everyone is focused on being successful
It's not as easy to make friends here as it was in high school. Also, the professors I've had so far are tough, except one. She is funny and makes class entertaining. On top of that, the advisors aren't very encouraging, but they do their job, so they can be helpful when they need to be. However, as a whole, the campus is beautiful!
You are 10 minutes from the beach nothing else needed to say!
This is definitely a home to me. Its going to be extremely hard to leave it in a few years.
As a current student here now I have to say UNCW is my home away from home. If you have not applied, APPLY! Or if you are on the fence as to whether or not to come here, please take a tour. The campus speaks for itself. I am so happy here.
Best choice I ever made. Laid back place, but still motivating.
Absolutely love it here! Couldn't imagine going to school anywhere else.
UNCW has a beautiful campus. So many possibilities to learn and be successful. The courses are much more difficult than you'd think. UNCW courses are about the same difficulty as UNC Chapel Hill. Huge LGBTQ community and a chill environment. You'll see professors longboarding and things like that. The only bad thing ison campus housing is horrible.
Pretty campus, kinda small which makes it easy to walk to any class in reasonable time, internet problems recently improved
Beautiful campus!
nice school.
I love UNCW!!! Everyone is friendly and finding friends and having a good time is easy. I suggest living on campus your first year even if some of the dorms are gross. Galloway was where I made all my friends and really came out of my shell. Gosh I love this school and the beach is a nice perk as well.
I absolutely love going to school here. I decided to go to UNCW on an impulse decision, and it was the best possible decision I could have best!
couldn't see myself anywhere else
A lot of the people here are very nice and friendly; most will hold open the door for you. It's very close to the beach, and has a lot of resources for students if they need help on anything in particular. The food is kinda expensive though. The marine science department is the most distinguished, followed by the performing arts.
I've been going here for nearly 3 years now and I can't say I'd rather be anywhere else! I was accepted into many different schools around the North Carolina school system and this campus and the overall environment just sucked me in. In high school I was quite the shy one, UNCW has definitely helped me branch out and grow in many ways!
Swag everywhere #based
Such a wonderful campus with opportunities waiting for you! I am so happy to still be here after my second year. I know I made the right decision!
UNCW IS AMAZING I NEVER WANT TO LEAVE!!!!!!!!!
Honestly, I love this place. I would recommend it to anyone thinking about applying.
The teachers are awesome; they treat you as a student instead of as a number. There are so many things to do around Wilmington, and I always have fun downtown or at the beach.
The most beautiful campus in the state.  I can literally be at the beach in five minutes. Love the professors and my fellow students, everyone wants to see each other succeed and will put in work to make it happen. The only down side is Wilmington traffic is pretty crazy, make sure you leave extra early to get to class if you live off campus. :):)
UNCW is in a great location, but the professors (at least in the business school) are not phenomenal. After going to a different school for graduate school, I've seen how much better the educational experience could have been. UNCW fails to make resources known to students that would be helpful, both academically and for job placement.
The campus is gorgeous, it's hard to be mad about going to an 8 AM in the spring when it's so pretty. HawkWiFi sucks. The professors are very helpful and flexible for the most part. And it's right next to the beach. As a psych major, defiantly join a lab if you want to up your resume.
I absolutely LOVE UNCW!  It's the perfect location and the curriculum is fantastic.  I would recommend UNCW to anyone.
Absolutely dread graduating. Can I just stay here forever?
Love the atmosphere and for the most part the people are great. Didn't go greek and still had a great year. The internet sucks most of the time unless you are in the library. Overall, I love my school and the beach doesn't hurt
I love this campus and this school. The food could be better but I think that is the case at most colleges. Come and check it out for yourself!
Enjoyed it there .
I love UNCW. The meal plans are a bit horrible but overall nothing is like living at the beach and the professors are fantastic.
Best place on earth!
Wonderful school :) A few negative things, but overall great! I've definitely had the best experiences of my life either at this school or with people I've met here.
Beautiful Campus filled with the kindest students and professors I've ever met. There is a bit of a party scene for those interested, & for those who aren't, don't worry, it doesn't affect much. Lots of call boxes and security people, it's nice to feel safe! TONS of places to eat & there are 2+ convenience stores on campus for groceries/toiletries.
Great location near beautiful Wrightsville Beach with great water activities. . Great area with lots to do outside of school. Very active community.
UNCW is my home away from home. The professors and students are all very laid back and chill and the atmosphere on campus is relaxing. Everyone there wants to help you succeed. I would 12/10 recommend this school!!!!
Wilmington is just a great place to be.
i LOVE it here!!!!!!!
Professors are wonderful. They all want you to do well and will strive to help you succeed. Campus dining isn't the best but it's better than expected. Hawkwifi can be iffy sometimes. Location is amazing! Campus is picturesque!!
Amazing campus, lots to do if you chose to get involved, and good athletics go seahawks!
Great school with room for improvement in several areas.
UNCW is absolutely amazing and so far its the best decision I could of made.
I love UNCW it is the best school!
BEST. PLACE. EVER. Not only is the school beautiful and easy to navigate (find Chancellor's walk and you'll be okay!), but the people are what I love most! Professors are caring and willing to help/meet after class, Other students are respectful and helpful, even the bus drivers are some of the best people you'll ever meet (Ms. Peaches is a gem!).
Love this School!
Love this school. Love this life.
The school is just perfect. The main stress during the year is exams and registering for classes.
Overall, fantastic experience coming here.
I love Wilmington! The only thing you may want to know is that the campus and extremely white dominate.
Located 5 miles from the beach, its the best place to have a good time without drinking! Its all about getting involved and making something of yourself.
I love this school. It's a great place to grow and learn. It really is what you make out of it, like all places. I feel like one thing people get wrong about this school is that there are lots of parties, there really aren't a ton of parties here or they are completely centered around greek life. Overall my chances of transferring are slim to none.
UNCW was my top choice, but after I got here and things started to settle down, it did not feel like home. I feel out of my comfort zone and I am even in a sorority. I cannot put my finger on exactly what feels different about this place, but I am currently trying to transfer.
UNCW is the BEST! Welcome to the Dub!!!!!!
I couldn't of imagined going to any other college.  I met great friends here and loved all the classes I took! UNCW made me love school and I actually miss it!!
My BA program at UNCW was idyllic: Gorgeous campus, friendly people, kind professors and high quality education. I met friends for life here and became a better person on all fronts. My MA program was mostly a disappointment. While I loved the classes, my advising when it came to the thesis and PhD applications was nonexistent. Still LOVE UNCW!
The Cameron School of Business is one of the most impressive I have seen. The campus is beautiful and conveniently laid out. The people who attend University here are much more laid back and friendly due to the beach vibe. However, professors are still hard and we as students take our studies very seriously.
UNCW was my dream school and now that I've been here for a little while I love it even more. I have no major complaints except maybe parking and the size of the library, otherwise everything else about the school is amazing. I wouldn't have wanted to go anywhere else.
A decision I have yet to regret. Lots of great professors, the students (for the most part) are kind and helpful, and you can't ask for much more when you live 10 minutes from the beach!
This campus is great, it's near Wrightsville Beach, the river front, and many other attractions! The social life is like a 3/10, some parties are lit, but 85% get busted early. The dages really suck too. The food is better some days than others, but there are many options. The teachers  all seem to be pretty good too!
I have always wanted to come to UNCW and as a senior I have no regrets that I did. The people here are always really friendly and helpful. Laid back atmosphere and the professors are (mostly) great. My only complaints are that parking can be a bit of a nightmare and the library can seem small and crowded during finals. Overall UNCW rules!
For me, I chose UNCW b/c it was close to my hometown (Durham) and my brother goes here. The party scene is kinda whack, frats mostly throw closed parties and most parties get busted on average around 1. it's a small school, but don't get me wrong, a lot of pretty girls and great connections to be made, i just don't know if its right for me.
UNCW is fantastic!  The campus is so beautiful, the students and professors are incredibly friendly, and it's in the perfect location for college students.
Overall a good school, but some departments are not so great. Also, there is not a ton of stuff happening on campus on weekends especially during the fall since there is no football team.
i never want to leave!!
Close to the beach, southern hospitality, and so many opportunities. How could you go wrong?
Even though the actual campus is pretty small it helps give it the homey atmosphere it has. You get to know a lot of people and you end up seeing them everywhere on campus. The beach and areas around it have a lot of good food and fun places to visit. The library is a bit small but you can usually find a seat unless it's exam time.
It's awesome being somewhere you feel welcome at all times!
Choose your degree carefully, theres not a whole lot of jobs out there anywhere. Campus is amazing, you won't want to leave and the professors are top quality. Highly recommend UNCW
I love it here
I love UNCW. I love the people, the location, the activities. I will say there are times when the internet is very annoying. Usually safety is not a problem, there was one false shooter alert that was very scary for a few minutes but it did get sorted out quickly. Graham-Hewlitt had so many false fire alarms this year as well. Overall, it is great!
Great location and campus set up! Tons of opportunity! I didn't have many good professors, but I wasn't there long. Everything else was great!
Can not complain that I skip class to go to the beach and still managed to graduate in 4 years.
so cool. so fun.
The administrators at UNCW are pretty awful.  If  you need anything from them they will send you to someone else and those people can't help you either. The school overall is ran poorly. A lot of the tenured instructors put their side projects before actually teaching. Looking back I wish I had gone elsewhere for school.
UNCW is 100% the place to be. I don't want to graduate. Couldn't be more happy here.
I have loved Wilmington for as long as I can remember. There's a very short list of things to dislike about UNCW, but overall, has been a great experience.
The location is wonderful! However, you really have to make an effort to be social and join clubs.
Great professors who really care about the success of students, beautiful & open-minded campus w tons of clubs and events that are welcoming of all people. 9 times out of 10 you walk by a frat/sorority/club giving out free frisbees/cups/snacks/stress balls/shirts/etc. TAC is great and usually responds ASAP, spotty internet & food is -mostly- great.
I've only had one bad professor, most cared genuinely about your learning experience and helped to give you opportunities for your future. Great university for networking and really respected by the close knit community. Companies are eager to hire UNCW alumni. Take advantage of all the resources the university has to offer and you will thrive!
I love it here!!
Wonderful campus and good professors
Nice school, it has a very laid back atmosphere.
I absolutely love UNCW. It is right near the beach, so if you get bored. The classes are a smaller size, so you can get to know your professor and get help easily. It's in the perfect location and beautiful scenery.
I don't know why more people don't come here, everyone goes on vacation to the beach and yet you want to go to school somewhere 4+ hours away from it? I think not. Come to the beach to vaca stay at the beach to graduate.
Great school great people great location
Filled with good people with a solid social scene for the size of the school. Only drawbacks are the spotty internet specifically in the dorms and the Wag food being atrocious.
I am an out-of-state transfer student and I absolutely love UNCW. The professors are great, their library has a coffee shop in it which is phenomenal in itself, and I feel safe no matter where I am at on campus. And even if you don't like the food at Wag, there are so so so many other options.
I am in my second year at UNCW and I absolutely love it! For the most part, the people are amazing and there is always something to do on campus. Very student oriented as well!
I love UNCW!!!
The food and wifi are terrible, but beyond that it is a great school.
Great school to be at
The teachers really care here. When I came to college I thought I'd get drowned out by all of the other students but the professors really want to see their students do well. Even if they don't try to learn everyone's name in a class of 200, every single professor encourages the students to go to their office hours and are always happy to help.
I was so unsure about UNCW when I came here almost 4 years ago that I cried in the bathroom of my dorm and told my mom I was transferring. Now I don't want to leave this community of people who care about each other and have so much pride for their school. Definitely lacking in diversity is one negative. We learn and progress every day together.
Very good
I LOVE THIS SCHOOL!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!! I WOULD NEVER WANT TO GO ANYWHERE ELSE THIS PLACE IS AMAZING!
I love this school so much!
First semester and I am transferring. People are clique-y, there are NO parties, like ever, never any room at the library, the food is absolutely disgusting, and there is no good coffee. If you don't have a car you can not do anything (beach, downtown) because the bus system is trash
This school is amazing.
UNCW is a great school!!
This school needs more diversity and to reevaluate their priorities. The Chancellor doesn't support what matters to students he only cares about money.
Was choosing between UNCW & NCState and know I made the right choice! Professors are extremely credited, frat houses off campus have parties every weekend, downtown clubs/beach bars nearby, beach a 5 minute drive, students are SO friendly (I did not expect) I've even seen my accounting professors skate by me. Plenty of food options&BEST gym ever
Wonderful school to attend.
I went to ECU first and transferred to UNCW and the difference is night and day. I am MUCH happier here by far.
YAY WINGS UP
Its a good school. Everyone is super chill and nice, there is a relaxed atmosphere. There are great off campus living options, and there are also a lot of places to get food off campus. Lots of people come to campus to walk their dogs. UNCW might not be anything special but its a nice place to be. Good for bio/marine bio, edu, nursing and business.
Dining options and residence halls here are a joke, other than that pretty great school.
