It's a liberal arts beach school, so the atmosphere is self-explanatory. Not the best for STEM majors, but not bad. Housing is good. Dining hall could use some work, but there are other food options. There's not a strong atmosphere that's noticable. Everyone does their own thing and there's not many problems. Overall good school to attend.
I love UNCW because of Wilmington, not because of UNCW. It's a great school and I've had countless opportunities here, but there is literally no hype. Sports don't matter, house parties S U C K, Greek dues are cheap which makes Greek life events ehh, but for the most part, its a relaxed environment filled with people on the DL. Wouldnt trade it tho
UNCW is a great campus with a relaxed feel. The weather is great and people have that southern hospitality you are always looking for. The surrounding areas of campus are full of food and fun. There is above average greek life but I wouldn't say you have to join one to have fun. Plus the beach is 5 minutes down the road so you cant beat that.
Nice campus, crappy food.
I loooove the dub
Language and gym are a requirement for all majors. Gym is terrible with little absences allowed and lots of tedious homework. Food is terrible, especially for vegetarians. Library is too crowded. I rated low safety because the campus police is focussed on getting students in trouble, not their safety. Considerable issues with RAs and administration
As a transfer student, I already had a solid idea of what college life was going to entail, and UNCW made that transition even smoother. Not only is the location next to perfect, but what sets the campus apart is the array of extracurriculars it has to offer. Students can make great connections through faculty, social events, clubs. Sad to leave!
Gr8
Great school! I love how nice everyone is here and how centralized and not spread out the campus is. The whole campus is very social and there's always fun events going on and always a chance to get a free t- shirt haha! I love this school so much!
10 minute drive to the beach, 15 minute drive downtown. Great weather, great people. Classes and professors are overall interesting and intriguing. Dining hall food has the reputation of being good at first and then getting old fast but I still love it. Great rec center
UNCW has a great campus location with a very chill vibe. Close to the beach and downtown there is always something to do and things to see. The campus always puts on activities that are a very fun and its easy to meet people. We might not have a football team but we sure know how to have a good time.
UNCw is a very laid back school that still offers good academics. The atmosphere is enjoyable as well. We have extremely knowledgeable professors in every department and most of them really do care about you and your success. I would recommend this school to anyone, especially criminology, business, and nursing majors.
beautiful campus and great location, otherwise it's an average & slightly forgettable school
Very fun university. You have to stay focuses and prioritize to do well.
Happy to be here for four years!
Can't beat the location! Beautiful campus, solid food! Love it here!
Downtown is amazing, the beach is 10 min away, campus is gorgeous and pedestrian friendly
Best town ever.
Great location, great campus. Horrible wifi.
A lot of people come here for the beach, and that is probably one of the best aspects. The town is mid-sized, not super small, but not big city. College-life is what you make of it, so you can find a lot of opportunity for academics and clubs, but, depending on your major, you may have to look.
Great campus, beautiful & eco-friendly. Friendly students & staff, always an opportunity for free shirts/food. Involvement carnival showcases all of the clubs & greek life, as well as volunteer options. Food in the dining hall isn't bad but there's plenty of other food options on & around campus. Wifi is iffy in some places but overall OK. A+ Gym.
UNCW is a beautiful campus full of friendly people. The majority of the faculty are easy to talk to and truly want their students to succeed. There are many opportunities available for study abroad, undergraduate research, or learning outside of the classroom. There is no place else that I would rather be than at Wilmington.
Best decision I've ever made!
Anytime I talk to anyone I always say how UNCW is such a hidden gem and is really on the up and up. There is nothing I look forward to more than going back to school and really enjoying where I live
The most disappointing thing about this school is the food choices. Thousands of students and 1 food building with 6 or so choices. Takes 45 min to an hour to get anything. No healthy options or options for any kind of special diets which is very surprising considering we live in a very health conscious town.
If not interested in beach or bar every waking second then dont go here bc thats all there is outside academics. Admin is bad, campus is run down, priority is for athletics, nothing entertaining, bad parking policies, VA reps not vets or understand VA issues, most profs are very good, expensive. Admin aims for quantity not quality in everything.
I love it
The buildings are old, but the campus is beautiful in my opinion. If you're a veteran the SVO lounge in a great resource. Food selection is decent and if what you want isn't in Fisher you can just go off campus. Off campus; great beach, and downtown is awesome especially if you're 21 or older. Profs are great. Diversity is lacking, but its great.
I love Wilmy
Wilmington's location is great but you will not go to the beach as often as you think. The campus is very overpopulated. Trying to get food takes forever in Fischer because the lines are way too long. The dining hall is small and has very limited options. The housing is very old and rundown. The atmosphere with the people is very clique like.
Campus has a good beach vibe. Although you don't go to the beach every single day, there are definitely opportunities. The campus is beautiful and there are tons of clubs. The food varies. Waggoner dining hall is pretty bad, but places such as hawks nest and dubs cafe are pretty good. There are opportunities to be social if you don't stay inside.
Great campus location, close to the beach and downtown. Lots of stuff to do. Not really a big party school, the fraternities are a joke.... don't come here if you're trying to join a frat. The teachers are all super caring and seem to actually like their jobs. Is not really a lecture school 75% of class room sizes are small with about 25 students.
Great campus with very friendly people and a welcoming atmosphere.
This is my third year attending UNCW after going to community college. I felt so welcomed coming here and I have been involved with a lot of clubs and organizations on campus. This school has been made an important impact on my school career.
This is such an amazing school with so many welcoming students and staff! The location is great and yes, it isn't a huge campus, but there is still so much to do and so much going on, also, the beach is 10 minutes away!!
Love this school, super pretty
Great school, great location. A degree from here will only become more valuable with time.
UNCW is a fantastic school that I would recommend to anyone. Socially it is very different from most other universities in North Carolina. People are very laid back and its very easy to see we are a beach school. Traffic in Wilmington is pretty bad in the afternoon though and parking can be a paid in you live far off campus.
I couldn't ask for a better school. I am so happy here, there is so much to do. There's the beach close by, downtown Wilmington close by, and a lot of great people. The campus is in a "city", but you can't tell because it is kind of separated from it. The are a good amount of food options, but I would like more The rec center's amazing I <3 it
UNCW is awesome, don't miss out! Awesome atmosphere to learn and an awesome laid back community.
I am so happy with my choice to attend UNCW. So many opportunities to get involved on campus! The professors here are awesome and always willing to help. Most of all, the location is the best. The campus is close to plenty of restaurants, the mall, and shops. Plus, the beach and historic downtown Wilmington are just a short drive away!
This campus is something you like or don't. Seems pretty big in the beginning, but there's not much to the imagination. Great weather (for the most part), but be prepared to leave at during hurricane season. Other than that it's been great. Don't know if I'd do it again.
Have enjoyed my time at UNCW
UNCW really isn't for everyone. After two years of being at UNCW, I'm transferring. There's not much going on here on a day-to-day basis and after 6 pm, campus becomes dry. Also, the food options are extremely limited. The classes are fine and there are some fantastic professors here, however, the overall experience hasn't held up to expectations.
I love this school, you can decide to go do homework on the beach and be there in 10 minutes. It is amazing and has so many opportunities here.
It is as advertised, a great and friendly atmosphere with lots of opportunities and involvement. However, if you are a student of color it is still a PWI and does not do much towards diversity. BUT there are cultural centers with great staff and environments. Parties are trash; fraternities parties are sometimes racist as they won't let students in
UNCW is a very underrated school in my opinion. Because it lacks a football team, many people tend to not even consider it. I was one of them. After not getting into my top choice for college, and out-of-state tuition preventing me from attending my second choice, I chose UNCW, and I am thankful I did. Couldn't imagine myself anywhere else.
Best school ever. If u think otherwise ur wrong
As a transfer student, I've experienced another school which helps me compare UNCW to what else is out there and I couldn't be happier with my choice.
While the school itself is often overlooked due to more well known schools such as UNC Chapel Hill being in the same school system, UNCW itself is a gem. The location could not be any more perfect, 10 minutes from the beach, 10 minutes from downtown. Greek life is alright, not as intense at most southern schools, and is treated more like a club.
Parking is a nightmare. Food is a joke. Dorms are all decrepit and falling apart. I had multiple nights in the dorms where malfunctioning fire alarms woke us up 5+ times in a single night. I'd say 95% of the professors are great but that and the beach are really this school's only bright points. This place is just as greedy as all UNC schools.
uncw rocks
10/10 recommend
Awesome location and best college atmosphere I've ever seen. Very relaxed environment and everyone is very supportive. On campus is safe, but I recommend not walking off campus at night.
I love my campus!
This school is great and I love the atmosphere on campus. I would highly recommend attending this university.
First year as a transfer, completely disgusted with how they teach. Biology professor taught on how to make illegal drugs. My math teacher is rated high, but doesn't teach and rude. A lot of the staff don't care about you well-being. I would recommend staying away from this campus if possible. They need to do better with teaching their students.
Coming to UNCW was the best choice I ever made! The people are amazing, and the campus is beautiful. There are so many opportunities here, and the beach is 10 minutes away so if that doesn't convince you idk what will.
Wilmington is such a fun town to live in: its the best beach town, historic port town, college town that you'll find. You can't beat going to school less than 5 miles from the beach.
love it here!
School's great!
The Good: There's a beach. Actually many beaches. Great waves Small classes! Professors / staff / administration care Chic-Fil-A Less construction / things "in progress" than a lot of campuses The Bad: Very hot in the fall / late spring Campus dining is pretty bad in general School is growing too fast Library is way too small Parking needs work
ITS NICE
The quality of your time in class is highly based on your major. Sorry to the sciences but classes are usually 100+ and your teachers will never know your name and youll never get into the business or nursing school. But the other majors are great and receive significantly less recognition.
Overall a good school, but I am disapointed in the opportunites for Pre-Med students. Most of the attention in the science department goes to Marine Bio, so Pre-Med tends to get a bit passed over, but overall a good school.
It's a good choice for me, but it wasn't my top pick. It's definitely not the best UNC but it's not the worst.
Uncw is an okay school.
Go to UNCW
Great School! I love it here
I was so excited to come to uncw but it was not what i expected. People are so antisocial and going to parties feels like a waste of time. all of my classes are so easy and i dont do any work. do not come here if you want to have a ton fun, you're going to be bored and wanting more!!
Great school! So far Ive had mostly great professors and met some great people. The atmosphere is amazing so long as its not raining. The major draw back is the food - poor quality and TERRIBLE hours. Hardly anything is open on the weekends!
Some people complain about the food, but its actually really great. Its my favorite part about the school, and this school is 5 miles from the beach. The library is great. Beautiful campus, nice people, awesome rec center.
Amazing school! I expected to like it but I absolutely love it. You're always busy if you want to be. The beach is so close, which is amazing. Everyone is so friendly and the professors are great and understanding. every semester seems to have a disturbance whether it be a hurricane or a pandemic, but they always help everyone with the changes.
Go Hawks!
I LOVE UNCW! I live 10 minutes from the beach! The REC center is awesome. Food is a little expensive, so I just bring my own. THE STAFF/FACULTY ARE SO NICE! There are so many programs and opportunities here. I transferred here at the beginning of the year and I fit right in! Only downside is the parking; it sucks and is expensive! GO HAWKS!
Perfect size.
Great school. Great classes. Great professors. Great involvement opportunities. By the BEACH!!! Just come here. Just do it. Trust me.
Great school with many opportunities.
Location is the obvious draw of this campus, but there's a lot of great benefits of going here. Great social system, plenty of clubs and opportunities to make friends and find a group you fit in to. Some people give the food here a low rating but it's actually really great food, good quality, lots of alternatives.
The beach vibe is great! The student body is not very diverse, it is mostly white people. It is not very political and there is not a very strong school spirit, with no football and all. But- the professors are amazing, Wrightsville is the best, student body is very chill, campus is pretty, and the weather is awesome.
Filmmakers should not come here. The film program is a glorified writing program, with "light" filmmaking classes that meet once a week. The school itself is really cool, with a movie theater and a nice gym, but the best the amenities could do was divert attention away from the program's flaws.
I've really enjoyed my time here at UNCW! They have some really great programs, and I enjoy being close to the beach.
UNCW is one of the best choices I have ever made. Love this place!
I love UNCW, it is an awesome school with really responsive Fac & Staff! I work on campus, live on campus, and I am involved in Greek Life! The UNCW experience is unique, and close to the beach-- while there is no football, they make up for it in so many other ways. I wouldn't change my college experience!
It's a beautiful campus in a beautiful location. It's laid out well so it's easy to find your way around. There's not a ton of diversity, and the food is sort of meh. There's very few healthy options even though the school promotes healthy living, and there practically no vegetarian/vegan.
If you like the beach and want to be in a frat/sorority, then it's great, but if you're not into the party scene it can be hard to make friends. Not very diverse and its in the middle of a conservative town. The only good food is the fast food, and its usually closed. Most of the professors are nice, though. Also there are cops EVERYWHERE
it's a vibe
If you're expecting a party school with clubs and bars... do not go here. Basically a dry campus.
I love UNCW. I grew up about 40 minutes from Wilmington so I am very comfortable with the area and know it really well. Front Street and Market are the hottest places for me. The best beach is Fort Fisher (Free Parking!!!). Food on campus is okay, Dubs is my fav. The best place on campus is the ponds by the bell tower & the Tri-House forest.
The best thing about UNCW is the location. It is a short drive to the beach and the area is very easy to navigate. Also, the people who live here are really kind, which is nice if you've lived up north your whole life like me.
amazing location with really chill people
I just have had a hard year with the administration, no one ever truly knows what is going on.
