The food workers are extremely rude, they make it feel like it is a bother if you ask them for service. Overall would not rather be anywhere else.
amazing school and area+
It's a very pretty campus, the food is not the best, but it's good enough. There are certainly questionable administrative decisions at times, but that's likely the case with any school.
UNCW is a good campus with very clear short-comings. I would not recommend the Comp Sci department or Digital Arts program to incoming students. It is horribly outdated and under-developed. They are just now creating a cyber security degree in 2021? If you're a nursing major or oceanography major, its a nice, relaxing campus.
Beautiful campus and the best location possible! 100% recommend to take political science here. The department is not too big which gives you a great opportunity to form a relationship with your instructors as they teach classes from 100-400. Love it here!
Love Wilmington. The people here are so chill and it was the perfect mix of party school and good classes. Love the CRW dept
I absolutely love UNCW! I couldn't imagine being anywhere else!
Great school. Will definitely feel out of place if you dont fit a certain description. Very low diversity
Terrible, incompetent advisors and professors. They change up the degree requirements without telling you, they don't prepare you for your career at all, its high school 2.0. they dont care about you at all.
Aside from the advisors Ive had, the Administration is mostly incompetent and rude. There has been more than a handful of times where people have not gotten back to me after multiple emails on important topics and had faculty members give me an attitude over the phone or in their offices, INCLUDING disability services. Professors are hit or miss.
If you're looking for a place with a college town feel and a lot to do on weekends, this is not the place. The only reason to come here is if you want to go to college by the beach. There's no ambition at this school and no school spirit. The main things to do outside of class are joining the tiny greek life community or kickbacks at apartments
good school
Love the location and new dining hall makes food plan not seem worthless but social life is not that great.
I love it here.
It's overall a great campus but there is not a lot of healthy food to eat if you have a meal plan
Surfer's school :)
If you dont care about football and love the beach itll work for you. Theres not much school spirit, but the people are pretty nice, the professors are generally great, and the town has some great restaurants and bars.
Wish we had a football team and we lack school spirit. Forget eating healthy unless you like salad. The professors are great and they seem to actually care about you. Clubs are good to join, especially if you do not party. Seriously, there is nothing to do here unless you party or surf every weekend.
Love this school
I Love UNCW so much and highly suggest going here. You'll love the location and campus. Great education also, don't let the small school fool you.
I love it here! Covid has ruined a lot, but that's not UNCW's fault! I can't believe I graduate in May, but I am hoping to stay here for grad school so I can be here for at least another year!
I've loved UNCW! The campus is beautiful and expanding every year. Chancellor's walk is always a site to see when it is packed with students. I really have liked biking around campus to classes, work and getting good. The school is also in an amazing location, with the beach and downtown Wilmington just minutes away! Go Seahawks!!
UNCW is a great place to be with a ton of extracurricular opportunities. Don't listen to anyone who says there is nothing to do in Wilmington - they just don't know where to look. If you want to party, go to the beach, surf, cycle, thrift shop, eat at local restaurants, attend Farmer's Markets, etc. then Wilmington is probably a good fit!
Its great
This was a horrible idea, graduation can't come soon enough
Great school. Food is better compared to other campuses Ive visited. Great teachers and the place is kept clean. Theres always parties on the weekends and the beach when its warm always something to do. If you can, live off campus, dorms suck anywhere you go. So many clubs and frats, usually are kind people. Great choice for social people
Pretty hard to make friends, most people are superficial and fake. Not a whole lot of great profs but most classes are easier than their equivalent at other universities. Hot and humid all the time & not much to do besides go to the beach. But it is a pretty campus.
cool
Everything is fine, except the food. There is no consistency on this campus. Never get your hopes up for anything because chances are, by the time you waltz over to a dining hall of choice, they are not going to be serving what you want that day. We finally got chicken nuggets but they took away other good food in return and still no ice cream.
Go here its goated
Don't go here unless you want to be unhappy for 4 years of your life. This school has great professors, but other than that, this school will screw you over every single day of your life then have the audacity to call ask for more money. They do not care about their students or their wellbeing. Biggest regret I have had in my life thus far.
cool school
W
