Few elevators, which means lots of stairs. Buildings are close, but some are far from main campus. (Far meaning two to three blocks apart.) Bustling campus, so don't go if your looking for seclusion and quiet in the middle of the day. People from all over Portland come to campus for park blocks.
PSU is nothing but an over-priced hassle. They are so disorganized, sloppy, inefficient, and from my experience, their programs and professors are pathetic. Save yourself the time and money and go to a CA school, you'll pay less even out of state!
It's not a traditional state school. There are Frats and Sororities, but for the most part PSU is all about careers, clubs, and scholastics. The campus is small, but the student pop in enormous (around 28,000?). There is also a huge diversity of age on campus so except Adults, Parents, and 18 year olds all mixed in to your classes.
Easy admission.
Don't waste your money! Professors are crappy and they are usually tenured, so they really don't care. Most classes are taught by grad students that are too busy with their own projects and won't be able to do much for you. This school really is a dump. There are literally two janitors here to clean restrooms after 40,000 students. Gross! Go to OSU
Transferred from a community college and am now wrapping up my first year at PSU as a Junior. Am a math major, and so obviously take many math classes. Have been pretty disappointed so far with math teachers. Perhaps I've just had bad luck? 4 out of 5 bad experiences so far with the math "teachers" here. I learn from youtube lectures.
There are two issues i have with this school so far. First is the construction that never seem to end, the park block construction has been going on for too long. And the financial aid office. They are idiotic and not very helpful. They take forever to fix the issue and people that work there never tell u the same thing. Its always smth different
I would recommend attending another school.  I've found that there is an extreme lack of professionalism.  Especially that of the BIOLOGY dept.  Money would be much better spent at OSU or UofO.  The surrounding community colleges offer better student/professor ratios and are very professional.
It's a good school. Cheaper than most (especially if you are an oregon resident). It's located right in the middle of down town portland so there's a lot to do. I haven't been here for too long, but so far so good.
There is a lot of good professor in PSU. The campus here is so fresh and peaceful, except the weather is pretty weird sometimes.
I've absolutely loved my academic experience here at Portland State. I have yet to find a bad professor here. As long as you're willing to put in the work and prove you're dedicated, the professors will dedicate themselves to you. On the down side, there's little to no school spirit. Feels like a big community college to me.
It's OK, Some depts.have better reputations than others, Business, social work, and economics are excellent.Housing is mixed,the historic buildings are rundown+cost the same as newer ones.housing is expensive.Most students are extreme libs which goes with the area. Lots of drug use (Pot), drinking, and noise. Homeless walk+sleep on campus property.
PSU is fine if you have to/want to live in Portland.  U of O and OSU, the other big state schools, I feel have a much better reputation for academics, student support, and student success.  It feels like there is little support and guidance for students; it is a "figure it out yourself' kind of school.  It is getting better though...
Too many environmental freaks and homeless on campus.
PSU is seriously the best. I transfered here from U of O and I'm so glad I did.
Though Paradoxical, this school is not geared toward learning--for undergraduates at least, it is definitely geared more for graduate students. I thoroughly regret ever attending this school.
It's a big school. Watch out for the finical aid office, they will screw you over if you don't pay attention.
Depends on the college you choose (i.e. Business, or Engineering, or Anthropology). Each school has a different level of expectations from it's students. If you can get into a 'better' University I would suggest you do so. Otherwise it is good enough.
It's a lot bigger than it looks. Also the Gen Ed Advisers are useless, CHOOSE A MAJOR and then get ALL of your advising from your department!!
Oregon's largest University.  'Nuff said.
I love everything about this school minus the library. Wish the library was open later and open 24hours on finals but can't complain too much. Great place, great people, great community!
I love PSU, but it's definitely not the "typical university experience". You have to be willing to go after opportunities and find the best teachers [cause believe me, they're there]. It's your job to get everything you can out of PSU. And you can, and will, if you're determined to go after it.
Love PSU, good anthro department!
The quality is very good. There are a lot of programs and awesome opportunity for students, plus the tuition is cheaper compared to other schools.
This campus is disorganized, as are the department running it.  It is easy to commute to, but there are long walks to classes and almost no time to get there. Required University Studies Program is a ridiculous hoop they make you jump through in order to graduate, but it really only delays graduation so that they can continue to collect your money.
PSU is an extremely Liberal school. One out of every ten people you meet will be a vegetarian and there are environmental activists at every corner. We even have unisex bathrooms. Portland State basically mirrors Portland's identity and reputation as a city. Don't come here if Portland doesn't some awesome.
In this school, anything goes...just be ware of the sidewalk solicitors- they are the most annoying people you could walk into!!
if you enjoy city life, but like community gardens and the outdoors you'll like PSU!
PSU is an amazing experience!
They rip you off throughout your college career. The majority of professors are adjunct professors. The tenured ones are even worse. Save your money and go somewhere else.
Great school if your not looking for a collegiate experience, which I am not. I am very satisfied with PSU.
Would it hurt to be LESS trendy and LESS Hipster-ish?
PSU is great, but is kind of unorganized. It really isn't for everyone. Several people in my classes have transferred back to schools closer to their homes. The dorms are nice and well maintained. The internet connection is good until around 8 or so, when everyone is on. One dining place is good (Viking Court) but the other (Victor's) is blah.
Incredibly liberal...
I would not recommend PSU to anyone going for a bachelor's degree: the classes are huge and professors largely indifferent.  Go to PCC for as long as you can and transfer somewhere else.   The quality of classes at PCC is much higher in my experience, with smaller class sizes and more involved professors.  Plus you will save money this way.
PSU is definately a commuter school. If you are looking for the typical "college experience" you will not find it here. Overall it is a decent school, but it is no powerhouse university.
my 4th school in 3 diff states (WI/CA/OR). psu is about the same as the others:lots of dumb/easy classes, a handful of excellent profs,disorganized. good grad school,inexpensive, diverse student body. academic success is a function of effort u put in, same as any other school. note to conservative whiners, 99% of US colleges are liberal.
Portland State University is mediocre, and due to income concerns will misrepresent itself in brochures.  If I had only three words, I would have to say, "Average State School".  Don't let the 'urban program' and 'diversity' of Portland State fool you.  There's a lot of smoke up the a** there.  It's a mediocre state school.
The campus events are awesome if you attend them. Not a big Greek Life, but the multicultural events and Midnight Breakfast makes up for it. Lots of stairs, and lots of walking between department buildings (It's a commuter school!) They provide you with great opportunities such as internships and work. If you don't mind an urban college, go for PSU
The vast majority of students are commuters and there is not campus community. People don't talk to each other, try to make friends, or ever smile on their way to class. Everyone just goes to class and then goes home. Living on campus was a joke; I did not meet anyone, and there were no get-to-know-people activities.
As an English major, I find the classes pretty easy, but not totally worthless. Several of my professors have been thoughtful and dedicated. The campus is nice and on the nice end of downtown, which I appreciate. The food sucks, but you're downtown; so who cares? The student body seems disinterested and bland but I don't care, I'm 35 and married.
PSU is pretty cool. Great location. Nice campus.
All in all, I think PSU is a terrific school. I was born and raised in Portland.  I like the convenient urban atmosphere, the liberal thinking, the importance on being environmentally friendly, and the importance of diversity.  They teach these values and that will make the world a better place.
Amazing school!  Creates ways to fully engage in learning as a community and brings the classroom out into the community as well.  Very forward thinking and progressive school with brilliant, well-established professors.  I would recommend this school to anyone!
Honestly, parking is expensive. The students are pretentious, the institution fights social injustice but upholds all the bureaucracy of any other institution. People chain smoke by every door. They just want your $$$. PSU makes millions in profits. Enrollment goes up and classes offered stay the same and teachers get paid less... PSU=$$$$$$$$
Non-traditional, urban campus. Opportunities to get involved, just have to seek them out. A mix of amazing profs and ones who don't care, same with the education programs. Overall a great urban college experience, interesting people, and an education that has value once you're done.
You have to make this work for you. You can get easy As and not learn anything, or you can actually get an education for real. Look for challenging professors and courses, and get ready to read and write. I hate the quarter system, it gives you no time for anything. but it's helpful for other things
Haven't regretted a decision as much as going to PSU. Good professors are extremely rare. Communication between depts. and you is very poor. Expensive for any housing/transportation situation.  No educational resources above 200-level classes.  Most profs available for help < 1hr/wk. Air quality is horrible.
Within the school of business, the finance department is a straight up trainwreck. The instructors are terrible and the department knows it but can't seem to hold onto the good ones and can't get rid of the bad ones. The business school advisors are absolutely useless as well. You're better served figuring things out on your own which is sad.
Good for a state university but not the best. Great location, very environmentally friendly. Students attending the school aren't the brightest out there. I would go elsewhere if it weren't for family/job reasons.
Admissions/finaid/regist. u can't email anyone and get the same answer twice and when you go in person you have to wait in line to find out ur in the wrong line then wait another 20min. to be told something different. The worst part is ur talking to fellow students who get paid min. wage who could really careless. Great School otherwise.
Some profs are awful, others are outstanding. Many of the students here do not have their heart in their education and many are simply not very bright. However, you CAN find friends and opportunities to get involved if you actually TRY to find them. As in life, things will not land in your lap. Otherwise, the school is relatively decent.
I attended Oregon State for three years and then transferred to Portland State, and I truly regret that decision. PSU is a bureaucracy through and through. The school doesn't offer anything over other schools, but it has some serious drawbacks where Financial Aid, Registration, and Student Health are concerned. Have fun hoop-jumping!
Yes, the campus body is liberal, HEY!  This is PORTLAND, OREGON, folks, not Texas!  I took all the classes at PCC I could, and loved it there, but I find the quality of professors QUITE a bit higher here at PSU.  The campus is beautiful.  I feel like I'm getting a great University education, and right here in my hometown.  :)
The administrators are uncaring if their students are facing financial hardship and unwilling to make exceptions in extreme cases. Do not attend this university for any science degree. Biology is one of the highest degrees and classes of 200 - 300 people reflect that. The program should have been capped years ago.
The institution of PSU is great. I may have reconsidered a different school if I had known there would be so many hipsters going to this school. It's also disappointing that nearly all of these hipsters smoke and trash public parks and the park blocks. Also, too many feminist professors and they're obnoxious. I found my crowd, though, and u will 2.
I like being at PSU, its cheap enough and I love the freshman program. However, I've only had maybe two or three professors that I really liked, all of which are not in my department (graphic design). The people are overall pretty unhelpful, I found that you basically have to figure everything out for yourself. The campus is dirty and stinky.
You can go through the motions & never learn anything or you can gain a lot of education it just depends on if you care. You have to be a proactive learner or you will end up dropping out. Its not for everyone, if your looking for a collegiate experience go to UofO/OSU & black out at frat parties. If you want to get in and get on with life go here.
Come here and enjoy!
It's a commuter college, which means that the experience is very different than when most students live on campus. Still, if you get involved in a club or organization, you will get connected into the social life of the school.
Nothing special, but nothing terrible. Can't wait to go to a more highly-regarded school for my graduate program.
I've heard from a lot of adults that this school is "up and coming" personally I think it's staying right where it is. I don't recommend it to anyone who wants the classic college experience. It's a commuter school and it's pretty hard to make friends since most students live off campus. Those who do only congregate if they smoke cigarettes, gross.
PSU left a bad taste in my mouth and still does. They're pushing their curriculum towards green this, sustainable that, while charging much higher tuition and having skyrocketing fees. Lately they're just a wing of the PDC. 'LEED' buildings all over the place but piling on the fees to pay for em. Glad I'm done, they won't be getting my alum money.
this is a very good school if you want to get a bachelor's degree!
Highly recommended! It's a great school!!
if you are a hipster, an old student, or full time worker than this is the school for you. nothing close to the typical college experience.
Good experience, meet great professors.
I'm very happy with PSU. The business school is great. The teachers are all well-qualified with lots of real-world experience. I've found them all to be engaging and thoughtful. It's not easy, and has been very rewarding. This is a 2nd degree for me. I attended both OSU and UofO and PSU will be as close to my heart as my first alma mater, UofO.
In my personal experience, this school has been fantastic.  It's not perfect, but what school is?  It's on a beautiful campus right downtown, and has easy access to buses/rail, etc as well as Portland's famous food carts. I found the financial aide department to be efficient, but counseling needs an overhaul. Expect to plan your own college path.
The dining hall is pretty ugly the food kind of sucks. From experience the community development department is on top of it while you're lucky to find an English professor that reminds why you wanted to be an English major. Some classrooms and buildings don't get cell phone reception.
I like the location, public trans. is awesome here.  The architecture of the buildings is more classic.  There's not much school spirit here, as athletics isn't the MAIN focus of the college or the experience, academia is.  The culture surrounding PSU is... more sophisticated. I am grateful I chose PSU over U of O or OSU.
Love it so far, even though I have had one professor that wasn't the best, my overall experience has been amazing!
"Cluster Classes" which are also required courses for some careers. Professors team you up with people who just want to pass, not excel and then grade you according to the total team efforts. This affects your GPA in major's classes, but instructors don't care. What a load of crap. Go somewhere else. You have to get a 93 to get an A- here.
You need to be a real advocate because the support is very poor.  Some of the professors should not be teaching..poor quality.  It is unorganized.  Do not go into psychology.
Parking is terrible, the campus is so spread out with various businesses between the buildings. Certain departments are much better taken care of. The dorms are terrible and run down. This school has far too many students and not enough classroom space. Sit on floor. They build more dorms instea of more classrooms. GREAT PROFESSORS!!
I'm really pleased with my decision to come to PSU.  I like that it's an urban campus in the middle of Portland and I feel like I'm a part of the city. I also really like how close my floor is.  Living in the dorms is pretty good and all the teachers are really good.  Mind you it's my first term, but so far I love it.
Love it!
I'm from CA so the weather change has been awesome
price is right, and the professors are better. This is definitely a commuter campus, and I love that atmosphere!  You're downtown in one of the coolest and most livable places in North America - what is not to love!!! And this school has the most diverse number of classes . . . you will never be bored!
The campus is amazing. We're so lucky to have this beautiful school in an urban setting. My only regret is not being able to be fully immersed in the ridiculous amount of activities, events, clubs, functions, etc. It is a great place to go to school.
very old
If you want to party or go to football games this is not the school for you. If you want to learn and get a great job it definitely is the best in the state! Downtown Portland is pretty cool. There is a lot to do. Parking kind of stinks so I take public transit. Much better! There is a lot of diversity which is good because I am an older student.
Their mandatory expensive health insurance is an affront. PSU is overreaching, by forcing health insurance (expensive or otherwise) on adults.
Portland State program funding and resources vary. Before picking this university or a program within it, be sure the university/ program can support your goals, and has opportunities to offer you. Professors are over worked and paid little, many do not have time for their students. Scholarships, grants, internships etc, are limited and competitive
This school is highly disappointing. It is so over-rated. Professors are relatively low quality. Few professors lecture on their subject and mostly the class is about discussing topics to death. Reading assignments are copious and that is where you do all your learning, not in the class.Most students do NOT do the reading and the discussions theref
I'm a senior at PSU and while I am from CA, I do enjoy that the campus itself is located in downtown Portland. Where most campuses segregate into College towns, PSU adds to the fabric of the Urban Environment. I appreciate the classes, the examples and the system which steps away from the bland General Education system. More opportunities this way.
With the exception of a few very poor Professors on staff, I love PSU.  They really do need to sweep out the closet and get rid of the professors who won't use D2L  and stand up and lecture at the class.  There are so many progressive learning/teaching techniques, it would be mandatory to keep up or find a new career.
The campus has am amazing location with recreation/shopping/jobs and a nightlife all within walking distance due to its central downtown location. The professors have been like any other college I have attended. You have your great, good and horrible ones. I am studying civil engineering and so far my education has been top notch.
PSU is an amazing campus that offers numerous opportunities to work hand on in the community. A beautiful park setting in downtown Portland with numerous public transit lines right on campus. Very open minded community of students. The Queer Resource Center on campus is an excellent and vital resource for LGBTQI students.
There seems to be a lot of math and stats professors that aren't very well organized and are not prepared for class.  They also tend to make mistakes while trying to teach the class every class, which is quite frustrating.  Some of the professors are difficult to hear and some you can't understand at all, then some offer little to no guidance.
Love being downtown and not in the middle of nowhere.  Profs are experts and each one has a unique perspective- I like that. I'm happy with my choice!
It is a wonderful campus. They could do with getting rid of their vendor for cafeteria food and perhaps provide tastier, healthier options. But other than that, the quality of the campus, the professors, and the courses offered really give PSU a great name.
Portland State lacks dedication. Both from the students to the school and more so from the school to the students. I consistently feel as though I am only appreciated because I give the school money and that is NEVER how a student should feel.
I ended up getting a better quality of education here than the private, expensive, four year school I attended. Loved it.
Rethink attending for the MSW Program...
Probably the best thing about PSU is that it is located in downtown Portland. As a freshman I lived in the Broadway dorms and loved it. In all my classes, the Portland is always being incorporated into the learning which I is great. Overall I am happy here and glad I decided to come here.
There aren't many options for class times. I have had to change my work schedule a few times to coordinate with class times available.
As a transfer student, I got completely screwed in credits. Furthermore, the quality of professors at this school is weak. The increase in tuition every year is not worth what a student gets from this school.
PSU is a diverse school, and students are of all ages and backgrounds. The Anthropology department is wonderful and continues to improve each year. PSU offers small classes where you are actually able to interact with your professors and other students. The only issue I have is smoking is allowed on campus!
Portland State is a good school with a huge variety of classes and professors. There are a ton of resources that if you take advantage of them make for a smoother and more enjoyable experience.
Oregon does not fund its universities adequately, esp. Portland State. That's too bad, because the faculty and students are first-rate.
This school is absolutely terrible. Some of the professors are alright but this school has no organization what so ever. They will lose half the papers you give them in registration and admissions with no remorse at all. No one ever has a clear answer for anything and you constantly get the run around and transfers in the process if trying to get t
Depends on who you ask but I've had my fair share of professors who know their subject but are just outright awful at teaching to a class. PSU really needs to stop hiring graduate students or clearly inexperienced teachers to teach important classes. The problem with PSU is that they have too many students and not enough teachers.
The classes are great but having a campus located in the middle of downtown Portland makes it very busy and overcrowded. Like I said though there degree programs are 5 star programs.
This school is a commuter school which kind of screws over people who don't live in good distance to the Trimet facilities. It's in a metro, so crime is very common, and the campus is a mix of run down and broken and new. The business school itself is so run down, the joke is that we are being punished for being business.
You will be nickeled and dimed to death or at lest your parents will be. When you are being asked to pay for guns so the security can carry one is not right if they want to carry a gun they can buy the gun we should not have to.
poor
I transferred to PSU in because it seemed like a great university. Big mistake. While the CCJ department and professors are amazing, the school itself is overpriced. Even CA didn't over charge me for EVERY LITTLE THING like PSU does. It's ridiculous.
good
It's a communal school, join a club to meet people!
I have been gravely disappointed with the quality of the professors at PSU.  I am in my last term before earning my degree and frankly I am not impressed with either the teaching staff or the student support staff.  You are on your own here so you'd better be ready to pay big bucks and jump through fire enhanced hoops.
The only thing that has kept me at PSU is the price, which has increased considerably since I started. Advising is a headache. General advising doesn't know anything and other advisers give you conflicting information. I'm embarrassed to say I went here with the way they severely underpay the professors. It leaves little school pride.
a very good university .
You'll get a fulfilling education, but you won't be part of a thriving social community. I love the Gen Ed program, it allows you to focus on career goals and major requirements from day 1. Campus staff is made up of min-wage paid students who don't know anything and don't care enough to help you so good luck at the Fin. Aid and registration desks.
SPHR program is terrible.  Terrible professors and on-going faculty changes make this program and school only a stepping stone for myself.  There is not way I would want to attend the Grad program here.  Lack of teaching skills, care of students, preparation and course planning are failing...
The price that is paid for attendance to this university is insulting.  It will cost over 30K for a student to get an undergrad degree to a below par school.  The departments should take better care of customers who are paying the university 30k to attend.
The rising cost of attendance at PSU is a joke, considering how much they spend on other projects. The professors are sub-par - I've only had one outstanding, memorable prof in 2 years here. Finally, the online classes are an insult to those investing in their future. The online classes are more expensive for hardly any effort put out by the prof.
Its an overall good school. May be hard to meet new people and friends since it is such a commuter school. So you just have to try and make friends in classes and if you live in the res halls thats a great place to meet new people and make friends.
I love the campus here at PSU but the classes are kind of hit and miss.  PSU definitely has its strong points and its weak points. It is kind of tough to meet people since it's a commuter school and there aren't many social events that are popular either.
My first term here, and I have really been disappointed. My impression of the teachers is that they are very new and don't how to teach. However, I have a good one, an alright teacher and a real bad one. The good things are the transportation, diversity of people, and several cultural events. I feel like the for the money you pay is not worth it.
As a Veteran, I really appreciate the diversity of this school. Feels like home to me.
Psu has been making improvements in the last few years. Can't wait for the new Stott's center!
Even though the campus is at the heart of downtown Portland I believe campus safety does a fairly good job monitoring and keeping students and faculty safe. I have taken a fair amount of night classes and have yet run into an issue. Campus is pretty well lit and clean. If you aren't a city person it may be a culture shock but it's manageable.
The majority of my classes have been in classrooms that don't have windows. Makes for a horrible learning experience, especially when crammed with many other students. This is consistent term after term.
PSU are sell outs to corporate America, uses Higher One (pure scum), if you get financial aid, you will have to deal with them, and they suck!  Also, health insurance is mandatory, a $1700 bill per academic year. Portland is waaaay cool PSU? Not so much. They will hide charges and nickles and dime you death. I greatly regret going to PSU.
it's a great place to learn.
I love the city campus. It feels energetic and diverse. Portland is an amazing city to live and grow in.
Portland State is a great school. It is a commuter school so it has a different personality to it. Great for those who also work full time downtown and want to continue their education.
In the heart of downtown Portland, provides a diverse and cultural scene.
Portland State is what you make of it. By that, I mean that if you are willing to educate yourself, and do all of the University's administrative work for them, and then pay them, they will give you a diploma that Oregon employers will encourage you to make a paper airplane of. And then... it is what you made of it. Don't spend your money here.
It has its good things and its bad things
I enjoy most of the teachers. The college could be more helpful with getting involved with people you''re age since there is a diverse age groups. I was very confused about getting an adviser when first starting in 2010 and now they require you to see an adviser which is great. Would like easier access to programs for scholarship on the mypdx
Commuter school. Can't wait to leave.
As a PSU engineer major, the possibilities are endless. The campus is beautiful and i found it easy to join study groups and get help.
Big community  college.
Portland State is a good school with a lovely campus and diverse student body. However, my classes have felt more like a community college. A lot of confusion when first attending (about advising, major requirements, how to find clubs, etc.). Had several opportunities to study abroad and made some connections. Overall, I have enjoyed my time here.
I love portland, and living in the downtown area is great! Very nontraditional campus; mostly commuters. If you are looking for a college life, here is not your place, but if you are coming to learn, it's awesome. There are some really great teachers here if you look for them, and I personally like having older students. PSU is going places.
While it's location in the center of a major metropolitan city makes it a great commute school for those who wish to live off campus.  It also makes in a target for a disproportionately high stranger on stranger crime than you would normally see in a University campus, and with no actual police force to protect it.
Diverse. Sustainable. Great experience, except for those extra tuition fees like the health insurance. If you can waive out of it!!!
The most challenging element is the website; there's no search tool that is capable of getting you what you want. It is as if they built a website without any thought for user interface. Every page is a stand alone page, without a links. You only have links to the primary spots, such as the library, financial aid, home page, etc.
So far I have had a great time, great facilities, amazing friendly people, and an amazing rec center and engineering building. It doesn't feel like a campus, but being so close to live music shows, shopping centers, and food carts makes up for it.
smokers and  cars.  if you live in portland this is your only option.  undergrad is a joke and be prepared for bureaucracy and pointless classes.
It is a good school.  If you want to stay positive here find friends and join clubs because if not you will get really bored.  Teaching is okay, food is eatable, people are sometimes nice.
The campus is in the middle of Portland. Lots of good food just off campus. Venture out.  Join a club to meet some people, because students mostly commute.  Expensive school with low entrance requirements. Returning students work hard. Many foreign exchanges. Lots students drive dad's $$$ car.  Many adjunct faculty. Underappreciated tenured staff.
Downtown portland, close to everything very hipster-like. Not the typical Greek school.
No thanks
PSU is situated near several homeless shelters and halfway houses. The campus is overrun with homeless people that sleep in unused classrooms and in restroom stalls. All the upholstered furniture from several student lounges has been removed due to infestations. Most of my classmates would only study in secured areas on campus.
I've just begun my 3rd year at PSU and I've had wonderful experiences with my classes and professors (with the exception of one horrible prof. I had to deal with). There's a big variety of food carts, restaurants, and bars on campus. There's always fun entertainment going on. The library is awesome. The campus is gorgeous. I love PSU.
There are a ton of resources on campus! And it's beautiful!
I like the idea of having the city as the university campus. The infrastructure is really good and I feel the university very committed to improve students quality of life.
You cannot beat the location--downtown Portland!  It is sooooo sweet.  It is a great overall location and the university seems to be maturing more and more into a semi-competitive school.  Faculty, advisers and teachers are really helpful and supportive.  It is a VERY diverse and "hipster" friendly school.  Sports don't mean a lot at PSU--:(
Sum it up in one word ehhh! City location nice but too much social isolation people are really weird, hence the pun "keep portland weird".  Nothing like the good ole days in my small town where everyone is humble and nice and sociable.
nice college town
The campus location and food is awesome! Lacks social and fun events though!
You could pick a worse school honestly.  Having a downtown campus is amazing, except when it comes time to park your car.
I would rate it average.
It's a pretty good school but it's also pretty professional. Very little Greek life here.
They offer a lot of fancy extras, but you pay for them...
I like it here in Portland State . Very nice weather.
PSU is in downtown Portland. The food is awful other than the food cart pod on SW 4th Avenue. The campus is interesting and connected to the downtown atmosphere. Most programs require internships or other opportunities throughout the city, easily integrating students in to every day life.
Great
I love the beautiful urban campus and the willingness of my professors and instructors to work closely with me.
There are some pretty unethical things going by the heads of the ECE department.
Awesome school!
Professors in this institution really need to understand the essentials of an individual's life experiences and respect them but my experiences I've had more instructors discount than support them.
Coming from a community college I expected to be stoked to be in university. This university is terrible. The advisors are great, but the professors are all middle-aged bored and sad individuals. They aren't helpful, and any advice they have is related to money or graduate school. Facilities need updating. I've never felt so heavy a depression.
