At first, I thought everything about PSU was great, but as time went on, I began to feel like I was being ripped off. Class sized are too big, and too many classes are taught by grad students, yet you are still charged the same high tuition prices. Counselors have advised me to take extra classes that I ended up not needing, thus costing me extra $
Food is terrible unless you're a regular at the carts, Admin is bloated and taking egregious amounts of money away from teaching and other resources, most of the staff has english as their second language, which makes tough classes nigh impossible, but I suppose it does have the park blocks right?
This is a fine university for grown students with jobs and families.   It is hard to socialize here.  Many students don't live on campus and spend most of their time working.  This is definitely not a university for young people looking to have fun.
The wifi is spotty. It's a crap shoot as to if it will work or not. The administration is more concerned about how much money they will make, and more concerned about buying neighboring properties than they are about students. The housing dept., is outsourced and unreliable.
I enjoy the campus location, nestled in downtown Portland. Campus food is not too great; however, there are plenty of other options around. Parking is a steep price, but there are alternative transportation available: Max, Street car and Bus.
I was a transfer in for UG, now a full time Grad student, here's what you need to know: facilities a not great, have to switch classes at time to find working equipment, desks from grade school, but the urban park setting, beautiful (parking will cost). Instructors, spotty like the wifi. Choose major wisely, make the most of what it is.
The cost does not match the education. There is a big disconnect between students who lack involvement. You can search out and find some rad niches though. Some of the best professors if you are in the know; many subpar. Student voice is ignored by admins. Advising is a JOKE. Better to do 2 years at PCC then transfer. Standards are very low.
Loved the Sociology department
Very nontraditional. I loved that I did not feel like I was on a campus at Portland State; I feel like I am a professional in downtown Portland. The location is prime, the professors are fair, and the people are smart. I am proud to be a Viking!
I love this school! I do not want to leave! There is always something cool going on, and the teachers are engaging and fair. Best Professor of all time is Bill Griesar. He is my mentor. I love this school so much, have been to numerous others, and this one is the best by far!
Portland is awesome and PSU is just as awesome. It may not be Harvard but the opportunities are endless because of what PDX and Oregon can offer. It's inexpensive but boasts some professors that are considered on the FBI black list! Come to PSU!
Great programs to offer and great atmosphere.  If you like the city life, this is the perfect place! It's right in the center of Portland downtown.  Not too expensive nor cheap. If you think of other schools like "Harvard" you are only paying for the brand!
The longer I am here the more that I hate it.
This is a business not a university. The administration will suck you dry with fees and pay your professors the bare minimum.
Kind of crusty. Most buildings are outdated, cheap, municipal depressingtacky. A few are historic but no atmosphere inside. I live in a historic apartment building but RAs won't stop trying to decorate it with construction paper animals like we're 5. It's a little embarrassing. A better college would play up the historic feel. The food is abysmal.
The way this school is managed has some serious issues.  Some of the instructors do a good job and leave you feeling like you've learned something, while others are literally teaching as a first or second time experiment and have no clue as to what they are doing.  They may know their subject, but knowing how to teach it is a separate skill.
My education was much better at one of the nearby community colleges. Parking is awful and I hear the instructors are hit and miss. I wouldn't know because I've had nothing but "miss" teachers. The general feel of the people here is pretty apathetic and depressed. I used to have hope for my future. Now I don't care.
Went through the undergraduate program faster than normal, and am now on the graduate track. Since then I have had many opportunities to network with outside organizations, build my resume, and work one on one with professors on their academic projects.
Great school in the heart of the downtown Portland, OR! Best school I've ever been to so far.
PSU is practical for students who do not want college to be their whole life.
What can I say?  Any school that uses adjuncts for 23 of their teaching requirements needs to step back and say to themselves "What are we doing wrong?"
The best university in Oregon
School food will always be terrible no matter where you are. But the surrounding food is great and food carts are cheap.  I lived in an apt across the street from campus and could still use the internet.  not a lot of academic clubs, lots of nature on campus. there will always something to do in Portland, average campus buildings, beautiful campus.
Amazing campus with a lot of activities available and many different food choices. Also public transportation is nearby and easy to access.
PSU has a great location in the center of Portland and by the waterfront. The facilities and parking structures are great and the library is one of the best I have seen. It is like a home to me, especially during finals! Unfortunately, the social and spirited part of PSU are not ideal. There is hardly any school spirit and not many events going on.
Great school for someone not committed to a traditional campus experience.
There are so many things happen around the campus. The food is really delicious and you can find the food all around the world. The transportation is nearby and easy to access. The campus is beautiful. Finally, I'm happy with my choice to study this school
PSU doesn't really care about what professors you are going to get. Lots of old people on campus getting their second degrees.
Best university I have been to! (And I have attended three in three years)
Great school and opportunities!
parking is the worst! all this school wants is your money.
Commuter school. Hard to meet people; It was only possible with group work.
It's a great school if you put yourself out there and are eager to succeed! Definitely get involved in student groups, volunteering around the city, and outdoor trips with the student rec! I'm very happy here at PSU!
It's an urban campus, don't expect to make too many friends and don't expect the "college life" here. If you're a commuter, great! Join the club! If you're actually looking for that college experience, don't come here because it's lacking. Sports? no one cares. But! I love this place, it's in the center of downtown, there are a billion spots to eat
Located in the southern end of downtown Portland, Portland State University has an abundance of food options, bar options, and transportation options. All academic advisors have been extremely friendly and helpful.
Great professors. Really love this school.
Poor science department professors especially in Chemistry. Bare bones university with lower income, commuter students, many of whom are non-traditional and hold full time jobs while taking classes. Campus in downtown along park blocks with lots of politicalsocial activismrallies. New science building at waterfront is nice but far from campus.
The downtown location is great and the foodcarts are amazing, but I thought it was difficult to make new friends with my interests. Many students work A LOT outside of class and commute from faraway neighborhoods, and that makes group projects difficult. I guess it's the trade-off of urban campus vs. small college town.
Our education is becoming a business more than an opportunity. If you want to get something out of being in school, you have to be smart and think for yourself. Read reviews of teachers, never trust advising fully and think for yourself because if you don't you'll be used. However, I've met people and learned things that helped me grow as a person.
This is a commuter school and has zero social aspects.
a school campus in the heart of a beating city full of things to do and beautiful culture.
It's not a very good school for any department. It's somewhere between a junior college and actual university. If you need a degree, and live in Portland its all there is though for public universities.
You get out of it what you put into it - lazy students won't be forced into intellectualism, and sport player can get away with not even trying in classes. If you want to succeed, you will!
Those who are new or  less familiar with the school find it difficult to make friends and seem to believe that it is lacking in social opportunities. However, the school is teeming with life! There is always something happening, you just need to look for it. There are tons of clubs out there, you just need to find them.
It's ok, as a post-bacc student I've seen better class teaching methods, but it is nice that in most of my classes there are post-bacc students like myself that share my frustrations. I'm just going here because it's convenient.
Portland State has been there for me every step of the way. My advice to get the most out of this school: apply to the honors college, apply every year for more scholarships. Become involved with campus life: student rec/clubs, orientation leaders, ect. Explore Portland/walk everywhere you can until you can't. There are amazing opportunities here.
Parking is awful. Hey math majors! Don't fully put your trust in advising. They only know what their talking about half the time. Some teachers are ok, but the majority doesnt seem like they want to be here or teach. I'm currently looking for a different school. If you have to be here, I'm sure you'll manage, it just isn't the best.
PSU is great. It's right in the center of Portland, so there's always opportunities to go do fun things in the city. While the food in the dining hall isn't that great, the food carts in the beautiful park blocks make up for it. The campus is cool, the people are great, and diverse. And I love it here! :)
Transferred here because it was closer to home and I thought living in a larger city would give me more opportunities. For the most part, it's what I expected but with such a high tuition and not much guidance for transfer students, I'm still deciding if it was worth it
Not ideal for a full time returning adult student that attends in the evening. Not a great selection of evening classes. Some teachers are better than others. MANDATORY gym membership fee-cannot opt out if you dont use. Ridiculous fees they never explain-Ive asked! They think they are an elite university such as OSU and UofO.
It is great, and there is plenty of people to connect with.
Social scene for "typical" college students can be bad but the people who go here are great. Being in downtown Portland is such a great experience. I like it here even though other colleges may have more happening on campus, off campus at Portland St is great though.
Activism, activism, activism. The only clubs and groups and events in this college are for complaining and protesting and that's IT. The theater run by film majors sometimes ironically plays something fun but you can't rely on it. Cluster classes, inquiries, capstones, long core paths. You're stuck in this place and in debt. And for what?
It's a great campus if you're looking for a non-traditional urban one.
It's a commuter school, so there is a really diverse population of students compared to most. Sometimes a little hard to meet people, most of the time the person will live a 30 minute drive the opposite way from you. Dorms are nice, people are friendly, location is right downtown, foodcarts everywhere. Study business, intern, and you'll easily job.
PSU is in the heart of downtown Portland with food carts on campus and walking distance to everything else. Accessible by any transportation. Very diverse cultural that is accepting of everyone. Very liberal. Teachers who are passionate. Students who want change. A school that will enrich you in every way possible.
If you want to make friends you will have to go to events, but luckily there are tons of event held especially at the beginning of the year.  There are a lot of clubs to get involved with as well. I am very happy with my choice to attend PSU!
The facilities are outdated. Not sure why there are so many lockers, is this high school? Windowless classrooms, and pretentious professors in the Linguistics department. Has an ultra small cafeteria, so be prepared to go off campus.
Not your average "college experience". UNST is kind of a joke and the cafeteria sucks, but it is what you make it. The people are chill and the areas good. Tuition is manageable and the profs (most of the time) are awesome. I love it here, personally, and would recommend :)
"Urban Honors" classes require you to study 2 hours a week for an A. I was disappointed with most of my PSU classes. Both students and teachers did not seem to be excited. Victor's dining hall, which freshmen MUST pay for, as well as the bookstore, are so expensive. Many people struggle to make ends meet, and PSU is slow and reluctant to help them
What I liked- My academic adviser, living near downtown, access to public transit, great gym, food carts, farmer's market ON CAMPUS, opportunities for social activism..:)  What I didn't like- Victor's dining hall, the dorms, PSU bookstore costs, my classes, the Honors college, the mysterious fees you are charged for doing everything.
Great School!
Just so everyone knows it's not specific to PSU to have a crappy dinning hall, come on it's part the college experience. Every college has an expensive book store. Sometimes I do have a hard time with how many nontraditional students there are bc i can't connect with people my age. Joining the small but mighty Greek community was the best decision
Welcoming vibe all over campus, tons of food carts fill the park blocks, 24 hour computer labs, urban and homely all at the same time!
The campus is beautiful and has a lot to offer. Social life can be hard because a lot of students commute and the general age is older than most campuses.
Wonderful school
Located in the center of downtown Portland, campus seamlessly melds with its surroundings. The park blocks are absolutely gorgeous and give a traditional feeling to this more urban college. PSU does have an active social life but you have to work a little to make it happen. The progressive mentality here has helped me stay sane and finally be happy
It a commuter college that is the center of downtown.  Its a really liberal and social city and school.  You are not secluded but apart of downtown which comes with the pros of lots of places to go and the cons of safety and the daily look into the homelessness, drugs and mental health issues that plague inner cities.
I love it here
PSU's the place to be if you use public transit frequently. Despite the run-of-the-mill reputation and a few complaints about housing, I recommend being here. There's a lot of activities here, both from PSU and the city of Portland. Whether you want to explore or study until dawn, this university has you covered. For the most part, at least.
PSU is a really good campus to be centrally located and it has a lot of programs to offer. If you're not living downtown on campus it can make it hard to have accessibilities and social life to after school events or throughout the week. I spend more time commuting to school than in class so I try to have a full day down at PSU. Invest in Bus Pass.
This is an urban campus,  which means that classes are held in different building that are mixed in with the city. There is a central part of the campus but not all of your classes will be there. It sometime hard to navigate but it sure is beautiful.
Campus was basically a bunch of old office buildings with classrooms in downtown portland.  Didn't really feel like much of a university.  I got much more out of the classes taught by TA's.  This university does not attract many good professors.  Not a good school to go to if you're right out of high school.  More designed for older students.
Not much of a school for right out of high school. Many of my classmates are 23+. Location is convenient for everything except living. Not much school pride. Feels weird to wear PSU gear around. All the clubs I'm a part of are full of great people.
Honestly, if you're looking for a Basic experience, go to a Traditional college! PSU is for people who are open to a nontraditional experience, exploring identity, and wanting tons of opportunities! Lots of room for improvement  involvement, which means more student voice is valued. Been here ever since I graduated from H.S, and i'm loving it!
If you're just looking to knock out a degree and get on with life, PSU is a good choice. If you want to use you uni as a springboard, go to a school with better programs and a better reputation.
This is the university that Portland Community College students transfer to to complete their degree, and the staff will treat you as such whether that is your background or not. The university does little in the way of research and cares even less about your future career. Parking prices are out of control. If you want Oregon, try OSU or Reed.
I was a little worried coming into PSU, because there wasn't much to be said about it online. I moved from across the country to come here because I got lots of scholarships. I am SO happy with my decision. It's a wonderful University! It is pretty unique being where it is located, but I've had an outstanding experience. So many opportunities.
I transferred here from a community college and while at first I was completely overwhelmed with the number of people and the size of the campus, I've adjusted really quickly and love being a student at PSU. The campus is beautiful, the classes are challenging and interesting, there's always something happening. Great school.
Love the school, though it can be hard for an out-of-state student to make friends when you're anitsocial as it is.
It's alright. I wish I was able to go somewhere else honestly though.
I wonder how the overall rating would change if it was divided into two categories:  traditionally-aged students and non-traditionally-aged students. The average undergrad at PSU is 26 years old. I am so grateful to be in a setting that accepts I am 29. If a slightly older student population bothers you, then check out the University of Oregon.
A pretty good school, in a really cool city.
I'm a sophomore and have been attending this college since High School. I haven't learned anything yet. Hopefully, it will get better because I'm worried about graduating and not learning a single thing from college. I only attended this college because its in my home-state, which means that I pay less for going to it.
Sophomore. I am transferring out of PSU because it lacks the social lifestyle I want. The people here seem too busy to even study together. I am an engineering student, who was really looking forward to study groups and working in a team outside of projects. In my experience, that never happened. I live 10 miles off campus, which seems to deter it.
Becuase there are so many students there are tons of amazing opportunities. I'm really glad that this is the school I chose BUT you need to do every little thing yourself. Do not expect your professor to notice or care if you fail. Most professors are great and recognize extra effort
College is what you make of it. Take the time to find your interests. Don't expect to find your people as soon as you arrive. Get internships! Portland is your oyster! Take the time to explore beyond the campus. Try every food truck and beer flight. Challenge yourself to talk to people and join groups that make you uncomfortable.
Although the teachers at this school can be fantastic and have been fantastic in my experience, the actual school sucks. The buildings are run down and they are ALWAYS doing construction in new buildings. The faculty have terrible people skills, are not helpful and are degrading. It is like they purposefully hire them. That is how frequent they are
PSU is an urban campus in downtown Portland, some of your classes can be quite the hike from the main campus area -- But when you are walking out that way you get to pass a ton of great food carts!  The wifi reaches everywhere and is mostly covered in between buildings which makes studying outside on a sunny day really nice.  I love going to PSU!!
PSU is a mixed experience, some of the facilities are great (rec center, urban building) and others and run down(neuburger hall). Similarly some of the teachers are wonderful and others not so. This is a good university provided you department is well funded. lots of clubs and recreation, but weak social environment. Great location.
I love it here! If you love portland and everything it has to offer, then this school is for you!
This school is conveniently located. It's a commuter school, so there isn't a lot of involvement unless you're actively trying to meet people. It's easy to blend in. It's a little dicey walking around at night (for a female) and in the older buildings, but campus security will give you an escort if you don't feel safe. Core classes are weird.
I like to go to this school.
well I don't understand why people gave a poor grade to this school. I know their food is not good, but there is a lot of food carts on campus and they are good. Lots of opportunities to interact with other people because there is a lot of events holding mostly in Smith building. Check your email and get information, not just ignoring it.
I'm a Junior and a double major, so I think I have a strong handle on PSU life. PSU is an urban campus for adults, not a fancy babysitter for spoiled, rich teenagers. Don't expect to make a lot of friends (unless you live in the dorms, and btw DON'T- they are awful) but if you are here to be educated and get a good job- then you'll fit in great.
new building for school of business nice gym  most of the departments are helpful  friendly staff  cloudy weather  diversity of food carts the campus located on downtown Portland everything nearby housing cost higher than other campus a lot of international students green building a lot of zip car  spots free street car for students and many offers
Portland State wasn't my first choice but it has been alright. As with other schools you need to pick the best professors using this website and others' advice. The school's food is not good, but there are lots of good options nearby. The dorms aren't the best, but it's better than what most students could afford downtown.
Portland State is a great school imo. I'm finishing my junior year after transferring from a community college and I would say the transition was fairly easy. CC's hold your hand just a bit to get you going but Uni doesn't. There's typically no required homework in STEM type classes that you turn in, its all about exams, which was hardest for me.
Love PSU parking sucks but overall good people and good professors
Great School of Business
This is s nice college that offers a number of support services for students to thrive in their education.
Overall it is a good university.
PSU IS NOT TRANSFER FRIENDLY!!  They say they accept your work other places but they will not count one for one.  I had to retake a couple classes and fought to get credit for others, and it was a fight.  If you want to go here do all 4 years here.  Dorms are weird, shared with public in one building.  Business centered so other majors get shafted.
The core classes seem to be centered around Social Justice. They are required and all of the classes seem to be different perspectives on the same class. If you want to take a class on "Freedom, Privacy, and Technology", you will be taking a class on how these factors revolve around racism and sexism. Useless since I am STEM. Lots of protests too.
Transferred without hassle. PSU is great for public transportation. Some great instructors and some not-USE this website. Definitely has a university feel in course load. There are a many events and clubs to explore, almost overwhelming. PSU has left/liberal vibes which may or may not work for you (depending on your political stance).
Transportation is perfect with MAX Trains, Streetcars, Buses, rent-able Bikes, Zipcars, Car2Go, and plenty of Uber and Lyft drivers. Lots of resources available for finding jobs in Portland. The food sucks, get rid of your meal plan as soon as you can; food at Victor's Diner is often overcooked and bleh. Safe, but lots of homeless people around.
PSU is essentially a very large community college, only without much community, many clubs, and it's poorly managed; budget seems more important than education to the administration. Many buildings are old and outdated, but the location is great. There are some great professors, but they don't have much to work with. Overall, it's mediocre.
Instead of spending money on new building, IMPROVE PSU itself first. Desk and Chair at library desperately need an upgrade. No heat at the 5th level sometime during the winter. Don't recommend to a friend ever! Horrible campus!  Profit driven university, don't really care about students comfort at all.
Heres whats real: The school spends money on things the students don't want, and ups tuition to fund it. UNST sucks. Hard. The library is underfunded and missing research journals they should have. People whining: The internet is fine. Its portland, there are homeless people. theyre harmless. there are some good&bad teachers- like anywhere else.
STEM here. Liberal Arts, Humanities, Psychology, and Social Sciences make up a majority of the liberal, left-wing graduate's majors here. Good luck to them. I do not subscribe to the "Keep Portland Weird" mentality that PSU has inherited. If the corporation I work for was not reimbursing me for my education there's no way I would go here.
Not your typical uni with parties and raves. Mostly a  commuter school w/ people taking MAX. Teachers are on a wide spectrum either really good to terrible. New Karl Miller Center is nice and should be noted that note a dime came from the school, it is all from the $24 mil. from private and $40 mil. from state bonds.
Safety is an issue, so many homeless people sneaking into and camping out in bathrooms and student housing. If you can't afford a dorm, transportation is awful: the MAX is dangerous, unreliable and busy and if you drive, it will take you extreme luck or 30 minutes to find a parking spot. Also notorious for not calling snow days during blizzard cond
Its a good school
Great Urban School- I chose this school because it is downtown, well respected, and as a business student I wanted experience working in the city while going to school. Networking, good vibes, a lot of resources and opportunities if you seek them out. PSU is only getting better!
If I could do it over I'd never go to PSU. VERY political. Tuition is high w/ faculty trying to raise it. Good teachers are almost nonexistent. Course schedule options are VERY limited. Parking is very limited and god-awful expensive. Traffic is terrible. Crimes on campus are not uncommon. If you think you want to go here, expand your options...
Depending on which department you're in, you may be stuck doing all of your job hunting on your own. PLEASE CHECK OUT THE SPECIFIC DEPARTMENT YOU'RE THINKING ABOUT ATTENDING IN DEPTH BEFORE SPENDING YOUR MONEY HERE. That tied with the skyrocketing of cost of living in Portland, this is a risky school to attend career-wise.
I really wish I could've afforded to go to a more lucrative school in a different city. Highly recommended to research the individual department as quality and job placement fluctuates wildly. Cost of living in Portland will only make these problems have longer lasting effects. Go somewhere else if you can!
As for reputation, the most well-known alums are an adult film star and a tight-end who played for the Broncos. Peter Boghossian is probably the most famous mind here, and he's not a great philosopher by any stretch. Portland is a pretty city, but PSU is creating a slum for itself. Too many street toughs on the park blocks. Not impressed.
good location, lots of job fairs and workshops, the internet is everywhere and easy to access. Food carts are pretty expensive. Safety has been an issue for a while. Overall I like this school. People are kind and professors are good if you try to find a good one. WHY THE HECK WOULD YOU RATE YOUR SCHOOL POORLY. I don't understand.
Food is usually great but it is a little spendy most likely owed to the location.
Best choice school in the best city in the USA.
:-)
I think PSU is a great school for students who are serious about their degree and enjoy city life. If you're not accustomed to city life and a mature classroom experience.
It's good. Better than good - good enough.
Love the Park Blocks!
Registration for 300 math classes is IMPOSSIBLE. Even with senior/junior standing, you're going to have to be lucky / fight for those positions.
PSU feels like a community college, not a big social scene, and everyone is depressed from the weather. Once the sun comes out, the whole campus explodes with life.
It's a good school as long as you're not looking for the typical college experience. A lot of older students, mostly commuters (I lived 45 minutes away from campus). If you look for opportunities and take advantage of what's there, it's a great experience.
The campus is beautiful, and the buildings are all relatively close to one another. There are plenty of resources on campus that I love utilizing. The advisers here are great, and so far I like my teachers.
It is nice to have the school downtown because you can wonder around at night and it is great. Dorms are overpriced though, food court food and Viking hall are disgusting and a waste of money. The park blocks are the best part of the school. If it is sunny everyone is out with their blankets and friends doing homework or just enjoying life.
Middle of downtown, in the heart of Portland. Dining hall just got a revamp so the food is much better than before.
It is an open campus which make it easy to anyone to get in it and make some trouble.
Campus is open but many of the building are right next to each other with nice parks in between. Would highly recommend commuting if possible as room and board make this college much more expensive. Very easy to get help from advisers/counselors. You will get as much out as you put in. Seek help if you need it and have fun, there's lots to do.
Great campus. It is a commuter school so if you are looking for the typical movie college PSU is not for you. You will feel connected only if you get involved in something outside of class like greek life and clubs. When it comes to academics it is a great place to get your degree and is being updated every year!
For a college dead center in the city, its pretty great.
