It is a great school for those of you who desire to learn. They have been remodeling the buildings which means this school is getting bigger and more powerful! I am so glad to be a student here.
You can't really compare it to a college-town campus, as it is downtown Portland, but I feel it does marvelously with the location confines and being in the heart of a city allows access to things smaller towns wouldn't have. Greek life seems nonexistent, but I've not looked for it. There are many options for food on and around campus. Good overall
Being in downtown pdx is awesome. 5 minute walk to the city with great food and things to do. You can also walk to the waterfront or to the west hills to go hiking, etc. Many great opportunities for internships, etc. in the city. Not your traditional college as many commute but has its own community of those who live on campus.
This school has many opportunities for internships, research, and to make the most out of your time at PSU. The professors are great and the classes are smaller than most colleges of its size. This is an urban campus with many commuting students so you have to make a considerable effort to meet people. The student activism is strong here.
You get what you put into it.
Diverse campus in the heart of the city. Super peaceful to be in during Spring to early Fall and just hangout in the Park Blocks. Lots of stuff to do and clubs to join if you put in the effort. Down to earth professors. Lots of opportunities with the surrounding companies.
I am from southern California and absolutely love PSU.
Parking is horrible. Food on campus is bad, but there are plenty of restaurants and food carts near by. Internet is junk. Be ready for an intensely liberal school full of sensitive individuals. People are nice most of the time. Being down town is fun but sometimes a major hassle. I would have expected more from university professors.
Average school
Portland State University is what you make of it. You need to actively look for academic/social clubs, but once you're apart of one it's significantly easier to find the others. Find your niche early, and you'll be swimming in friends and colleagues from all ages.
Went to PSU as it is the cheapest university near me. Parking is awful, but it's downtown so what can really be expected. Spring term is fun with all the protests and rallies in the park blocks. Being a huge commuter school you won't have much of a social presence like other college towns. Lots of food options. Many course options and diversity.
I transferred from Willamette (Salem, OR) and found everything that I wanted/needed that Willamette didn't have. Great food around campus, diverse population of students and teachers, so many things to study and participate in, and a great learning and exploring environment. I love it here and am sad I didn't come here at the start of my undergrad.
Portland State is a progressive, quality state school. Open campus right in downtown Portland: downside, it can get sketchy at night; upside, tons of restaurants and food carts in walking distance. Especially great school for people going back to college, but you won't have the traditional college campus experience here. Don't take French.
PSU isn't a normal university as its in the center of the city and has a huge population of people who aren't your typical aged students. In some respects its nice, in other it really needs to be improved. The homeless is a huge issue, living on campus isn't the best choice for your social life & the food isn't great. But you can make it positive.
Get ready to become a better, smarter, informed citizen! I feel very safe despite the fact its a big city (and Im an anxious person). Lots of diversity, comedy shows and music (pretty big names and locals) every week (which are free!). Lots of food with many vegan and vegetarian options! Also, their Broadway dorms are the best in all of Oregon!
Your in a big city, lots of vagrants. Urban campus reminds you daily that the world is so much bigger than the current issue you are having a melt down about today. Work hard, apply yourself, get your degree and get after it. Work for it, nobody is going to give you anything. Food around campus is great, find a cart and fall in love.
I love PSU-- Decided to go here because of cost efficiency, and honestly I couldn't have made a better decision. The faculty for the most part are absolutely incredible and I couldn't recommend the campus more.
Bro, this school is not that good. if you are out of state it is absolutely, 100% not worth the money. Staff is mediocre, class variety is average. Overall not an amazing school, but mediocre at best. I do like the sociology program though.
PSU is located in the heart of downtown Portland, which is great! The area is diverse and the people are welcoming. The food carts on campus can't be beaten and I recommend eating from any of them. Most professors that I've had have been friendly and knowledgeable but there are some bad ones so do your research! Night time on campus can be sketchy!
I returned to college in 2015, I graduated high school in 1991. This was a great school choice for me as I needed classes that fit into my schedule and between on campus and distance learning, I found a great mix of classes. The campus is beautiful in the middle of downtown Portland, OR. There is a lot of support offered to complete your degree.
I've been attending PSU for 2 years now as a in-state student and have very much enjoyed my time here so far. The food carts on campus are amazing and plentiful which pretty much every option you could think of. Socializing can be very difficult as this is primarily a commuter school making it difficult to meet people.
love the campus because it's not a college town, its actually in the downtown of a city. campus is very safe. the social scene is very granola, and the activists are very self righteous and in your business. education is great, teachers are great, lots of clubs and a women's wellness center that is amazing.
Love it......
I like the location and the food trucks on campus are awesome. Being downtown can be scary at times, but you get used to it quickly.
DUDE RUSH KAPPA SIGMA YOU GUYS LET'S GOOOOOO JOE ROGAN PODCAST BRO - THE EXPERIENCE
PSU is a really great place to go to school. Most of the teachers genuinely care and want their students to learn. Multiple Starbucks spread across campus! (5 or 6 I believe) I wish there were less homeless people around the campus though. It can be hard to get from class to class without someone approaching you asking for money.
Nothing about Portland State will exceed your standards. In fact, I would say that you'd be lucky if your standards were met at all. There are a few great professors, but every other professor leaves quite a bit to be desired. The campus is sketchy, the dining hall food is vile, and the library hours suck. The only good thing is the food carts.
I love being on campus at PSU. If you're in a STEM field, the buildings can be quite spread out, so make sure you leave up to 30 minutes for travel between certain buildings. The food carts are amazing, and most of the facilities are decent. The library is an excellent place to stay for both leisure and studying.
I love PSU! I'm from out-of-state, and I came here for a reason. The campus is gorgeous, and incredibly central to everything in downtown portland. I live on campus, so commuting isn't a problem. The business school is beautiful, and there are so many career/internship opportunities. This isn't a party school, and you have to look for clubs.
It's an alright school. Not your typical college experience with greek life and all that but it's fine.
I've thoroughly enjoyed my time with PSU
You either love or hate the mid-city location of PSU. The food carts and bars are pluses, as well as awesome city transportation hubs, but there isn't much school spirit and social life outside of class is dim. The library is pretty great. So far about 50% of my teachers have been amazing, other 50 not terrible but not very good. Overall, 3.3/5
It has a ton of great students and staff! However, the campus is old, scary, and unorganized. That statement actually fits the school physically and academically. After a while you get used to it, but not a place I was fond of at all. Piece of advice, not worth it if you do not live in the Portland area.
This school is getting updates and new buildings every year, most buildings are quite nice! The campus security is nice but being downtown there have been a few homeless people, which is something to be aware of, There is always something to do with lots of food and easy transportation. note: protests, homeless, Cramer hall is a pain.
Let me start out by saying I like PSU a lot in terms of the opportunities they offer. But they push the extreme liberal agenda way to hard. I'm a democrat and sometimes PSU is even too liberal for me. Sometimes I feel like they are trying to brainwash everyone in the classes to only see things with one viewpoint. We need to see both viewpoints.
Great school
i like it but could be better
PSU is unique, which is both good and bad.
As a previous student member who participated on this school's board, be aware of the changes going on in the background. Diversity is evident at this school regarding international students. This diminishes in-state residents' effectiveness due to external circumstances and ultimately funds the school's massive infrastructure projects.
As a returning college student, I am glad that I picked Portland State University. This university served me very well personally and I would highly recommend PSU to anybody looking for a great university to pursue their academic studies. PS: I never ate on campus so I rated this very low. Someone should amend this site with an "N/A" option.
I've been at PSU for 5 years, and I'm finally about to graduate. You're right smack dab in the middle of DT Portland, and at the center of OR's food capital. How could you not love DT? beautiful architecture, the park blocks, lots of flora. You get used to the homeless. Not your traditional college campus with people playing frisbee in the park.
Mediocre professors, average school
Great School! Have been here for over 8 years B.S., M.S., Moving to pHd. Great professors, phenomenal Rec. facility. Disturbing that the PSU cops have recently become armed. They've already killed a local resident who was trying to break up a fight. He'd still be alive and raising his children if the PSU cops were NOT armed.
The school is meh
I changed from on campus to online and the transition has been smooth. Continuous growth on and off campus.
Wasted so much money on a Master's here and it has yet to serve any use. I've actually gotten hired by lying and saying that I don't have a degree from here.
Right in the middle of the city so lots of food and things to do. Easily accessible by any mode of transportation, though parking is very expensive and limited. It is more of a commuter school so a vast majority of students live off campus, and a large amount have jobs and families outside of school.
Classes are straight-forward and fairly easy. However, forget about making friends or being social with anyone in campus. Social life is nonexistence here
Portland State University is like a big community college which isn't necessarily a bad thing. There is space for clubs and being social however, to me it didn't seem like something most students were interested due to being commuters and working full-time. Beautiful campus and great location. There are safety concerns due to being downtown.
pretty good school.
Everyone I've ever talked to said that after they graduated it was the greatest feeling because it meant that they didn't have to be on campus anymore. There are some jackpot professors but for the most part they don't want to be there anymore than the students. Some pretty decent research opportunities but that's the only good part. Would not recc
Homeless people roam the halls of the campus, day and night. I would not feel safe studying by myself at night. I lived on campus my freshman year and it is completely dead on the weekends.
There are some pretty good options around the area with it being Downtown Portland. Professors don't always accommodate towards your schedule or needs. Classes needed for certain degrees can be hard to find. Lots of homeless people around campus rummaging through the trash and using the school's computers. Nighttime can be a bit spooky, stay alert.
Good school, most people are just going here to finish their degree so no social aspect. Lots of different food options around campus/lots of public trans. All professors I had were very knowledgeable and have great work experience. Bad leadership, lots of homeless around, require you to have health insurance (were here for an education) expensive
It's a decent school for those looking to learn on a diverse campus.
Ehh. PSU could improve a lot. Location, fine. Lots of homeless on campus. Most don't bother you buy you do get asked a lot for money or food. The crappiest part is how spread out the campus is. I've had classes on the opposite end of campus and only 10 minutes to get there and do things in between. That can suck!
I am an accounting student and PSU has great opportunities for them. The clubs for ACTG are very involved and help a ton. Sets you up great for a career in public accounting. But be warned that PSU attracts commuters so no social life, and there are literal communist clubs on campus. (-_-) And of course, the homeless issue. Not a fan.
As an overall rating, I like PSU. It was one of the few schools in Oregon that offered my degree as a major. A lot of options food from the nicely priced food carts. I wouldn't even bother going to campus cafeterias or buying a meal pass. My biggest upset, however, is that there are a lot of homeless that come into buildings and nothing it done!!
Okay place to finish degree. Inconsistent quality of classes, HIGHLY dysfunctional administration & leadership, confusing messaging about diversity (huge lack of it in reality). Tries to be everything for everyone while failing on basic levels. Best for insensitive types who just want to plow through. Campus often hostile, sometimes dangerous.
The quality of professors is quite low. There are only about three professors that were actually enthusiastic and good at their jobs. I would rather attend Portland Community College if I could get a bachelors degree there. Very unhappy with my education especailly since I am paying a boat load. Increasing tuition every year.
I got a premed postbac here. I attended a prestigious university undergrad and the PSU science staff is comparatively better. Every single professor I had cared about the students learning and understanding in a way I didn't see during my undergrad. PSU proves that going to an expensive University is unnecessary; education is what you make of it
I LOVE PSU!!!!
I can't stand PSU. As a POC, you don't feel welcome here at all. The professors are often just graduate students or just awful. I have probably had two good professors in four years. The constant degree requirement changes and tuition hikes make it so you have to stay and good luck transferring with FRINQ's and such. PSU is just a business.
It's a pretty good school, all things considered! It's one of the only schools that carried my major, and there are opportunities available to jump-start your career. I've had some outstanding professors, but the majority are so-so. Just "okay" campus life, and location is great! Never had any issues with safety while on campus.
A good school to earn a B.S. for the money. It is primarily a commuter school and the Greek presence is nearly nonexistent, so the sense of "community" is lacking, but being located in a city that doesn't nearly shutdown every summer is a plus. The school's food is so-so but the near-campus options are many and diverse.
I love PSU. It's an incredible school that is much more inclusive and accessible to a wide variety of people than most universities. I transferred here from UO, and I am much happier here. The people, both faculty & students, are kind and curious. People come from all kinds of backgrounds which makes the school feel more unique and real.
I transferred from Mount Hood Community College. I'm a commuter with a full time job and a family and all of my teachers have been great. The facilities are nicely updated. The school is spread out, but just take that into account when scheduling your classes. The Business School advisors have been very helpful and I haven't had any bad experiences
The commuter nature of the school leaves the sense of community lacking. The school sells itself on the image of portland as a liberal bastion, but it's all about the money like anywhere else.
Before COVID and protests, there was nothing to really worry about as far as I know, other than the usual stuff in a city. Even with protests, they don't dent to come to campus or do any damage to personal property. Can't beat the food. No real greek life. Beautiful campus. More veteran-friendly than anywhere else I've seen.
They seem to not care as much as other schools about student satisfaction. They need more resources for non traditional students. They need better parking & schedule offerings.
