Worst BFA program!!! Unsafe, and cramped studio space (if you can call it that). The professors give about a quarter of the effort they should. The school itself is way overcharging students, and will nickel and dime them to poverty. Money is not invested in students but only the higher faculty such as the board. You couldn't pay me to go back.
Beautiful campus with lots of options for food from the surrounding downtown area. Passionate staff. Lots of quiet, comfy places to study. Love PSU.
You have to remember that this is an in city campus so theres weirdos outside buildings and on campus. I have the worst counselors they wont help change you be successful finding internships. I also changed my major and I asked how and my current advisor said they didnt know how... so I figured it out myself. Btw No stable wifi
Very sad campus and atmosphere. Its clear the faculty and professors don't care about students. This is A DEGREE MILL FOR BUSINESS MAJORS AND GATEKEEPING CENTRAL FOR CS
I love PSU. This is the first school I have ever been to where I actually feel like the administration cares about the students, rather than just how the school looks to outsiders. It's not perfect, but most of what could be improved is out of the school's control, like homeless people or crazy religious fanatics on campus.
If you have options, I would go somewhere else. I have gone to two other colleges and both were better experiences. It's fine if you want to dial it in.
PSU is a good school to go in and get out of. Do your work and leave a kind of vibe. For the most part, everyone commutes so it's not like every other college. There are opportunities such as scholarships if you look for them and somewhat support them. Find a community or club and you'll be okay. If you're independent and grown go here.
it is in downtown portland (enough said) and run by people who are out of touch with reality.
A school that's quite unique as an "urban" institution, while there are some sketchy areas of the city and campus, it's overall a beautiful and inviting place with good quality of life, good academics, and good opportunities for those who seek them. The urban honors college is a great asset for anyone withing to attend a top graduate school.
Can't really compare it to other schools since it being in the center of a city is so unique, but mostly a positive. Quality of instruction depends on department and upper/lower/graduate division. Some depts are great (Math/Physics). Others not so much(ECE). Great school for non-trad/older students. Not if you're looking for "college-life" though.
I would go to a different school if I could redo it all again. There are some great teachers and terrible ones as well. PSU is a mixed bag and the administration is strange. They really treat PSU as a business and don't really care about the students. Go somewhere else if you can. I'm native oregonian but Portland is boring.
im not a happy person but the campus is nice.
Not a terrible school, but has room to improve in many areas. Especially scholarship opportunities and less waste of money.
Did graduate school part time here and overall I would say the experience was not worth the time, stress, or money. Some professors were seriously awful. I suspect that was a combination of PSU not paying good salaries and generally being a demoralizing environment. When I realized this I was in too deep and it made less sense to drop out.
portland state is the worst university that I or my friends have ever attended. the campus has been unsafe since covid, there are a ridiculous amount of women who have been assaulted in the dorms by other students, and there is little to no social environment/community. Avoid this school like the plague
As an adult returning to academia, you will feel disregarded & unwelcome by the Gen Z students. There are no support groups or clubs for older adults. You are the 1%. I can't say this about every dept, but for FILM as an undergraduate it has been an absolute nightmare for me. Be prepared to deal with high school mentality again.
I could see why a lot of people are not fans of this school. There is much less of a typical social structure here, which I personally like. I can definitely vouch for a few things though. The music department is amazing and the CS department is amazing. You'll have to put in work for both (CS especially) but you will learn a lot if you can keep up
There are lots of ups and downs when it comes to this college.
I have gone to PSU since I transferred from PCC in 2020. I had mostly been through online classes. However, I have been visiting the campus more often. I like the location, it feels very academic but still artsy but still like a college. Good study spots. Have been stalked by a man on campus before but bookstore folks were nice and helped me.
