the campus could be better. Mainly I attended due to the small sizes and the amazing Honors program.
The curriculum for science majors is not easy, but not impossible. There are plenty of study rooms and it allows everyone to study with their peers, instructors are very engaged as well. The campus is small and it is very easy to located classes, and the Falcon Center is a great place for recreation.
There is a 20 minute hold time every time you call the finacial aid office. They charge students excessive fees and most of the staff is very unfriendly
Honors program is probably one of the best in the state, but they don't have as many events as they try to make you think. Not much of anything to do on campus other than classes, so weekends are incredibly dull, so most people go home. Dorms are "eh." All of the professors I've had so far are and relatively eager to help you if you want the help.
Its fantastic for Commuters and Non-traditional students but also for traditional students, frats and clubs are available. Pretty Campus, good professors
It has its ups and definitely its downs. Yes the campus is small so you don't have to go far to get to your classes if you live on campus, and the classes are smaller so you get more one on one time with your professor. If you don't have a car than you will be bored, especially if you're not persistent about getting a job than you won't get one.
Very nice school if your looking for nice small classes, teachers who acctually learn your name, and small campus. It's very easy to find your classes and find something to eat.
FSU is a good small campus.  Everything is fairly close together.  Also, campus staff are typically friendly and helpful.  Teachers want you to succeed and provide you with all the opportunities you need to learn.  However, Fairmont can get boring at times; there isn't much to do.
Although I didn't rate anything the list as being excellent except for the library.  I really don't think the the food matters.  The professors and staff are amazing.  I have learned so much through my experiences here. I would rate the school as one of the best in West Virginia.
It is cool to be a student here.
Most professors are very friendly and helpful. I feel that I've gotten a quality education at FSU.
The admin in education department.... needs to get their act together! no help at all on main campus.
Great school!
library so small, limited teachers most of them mean tho they know u have to take it with them!!!
The "student service center" is mainly a group of people who get paid to serve you but do everything but serve you. The announcements on campus are limited to unimportant things but when they are removing parking or are going to give you a late fee you hear nothing about it until its too late. The campus police are a joke as well.
The school is ok as long as you don't live in the dorms.  The staff and the rooms are horrible.
This school was a great choice!  I may not be involved in everything, but there's lots to do and the campus atmosphere is amazing!
its amezing school.
Teachers actually care about YOU as an individual since the teacher to student ratio is so low
So glad that I made the decision to come here!
:-)
People give Fairmont a bad name because they compare it to WVU, a HUGE PARTY SCHOOL.  If you're really interested in learning, this school is great.  There aren't big parties every weekend, but plenty of things to do on and off campus if you actually want to look for them!
Don't go here. The campus looks nice but the town is a ghetto. Some of the professors are helpful but most don't care about their students. Especially the foreign ones. There are no activities for students and greek life is a joke.
So the area around Fairmont is terrible. There is only a Wal-mart, and it's a half hour drive to anywhere exciting. Dorm life sucks, there are constant fire alarms. The people from D.C here are the main cause of lots of problems on campus. Lots of drug use and people making stupid decisions. First Fall Semesters there are the worst.
Friendly people everywhere. Campus is small and well laid out. Small classes. Just a wonderful place to get an education!
Fairmont State is a small school in the Mountains of WV. You get what you put into it.
I haven't been unhappier in my life, but I am learning.
The school gets junk for being so close to WVU and not being a party school, but it is a great school in its own right. Fairmont is a pretty city outside of the few bad parts. It's very close to Morgantown, so you can experience that too. Small, personal classes. Not an overtly social campus, but not quite introverted. Good networking, esp for NSI.
