Great campus!
I love this school! The staff are super friendly and are willing to help, the food is amazing, the classes are small, and there's always something going on on campus. My only problem is with the dorms, they're not the nicest I've seen.
Fairmont State University really could to being a fun place to attend. There's just a gloom over the whole campus that seems to make students anti- social and cautious. perhaps the reason being that the school is so close to WVU that the lack luster environment on this campus by comparison makes people feel they are wasting their time here
Beautiful campus, but not much going on. I like it here, it's great if you're looking for the small school vibe.
I absolutely love this campus. Yes, there could be some changes, but overall, it is a beautiful and well thought out school. The teachers really care about their students, for the most part, and the classroom sizes are way smaller than at WVU, as far as student to teacher ratio.
I chose to go to FSU for two reasons: it was the cheapest college in WV when I graduated, and it was close to home. I made a lot of friends my freshman year, and every roommate I had while I lived on campus was awesome. The housing on campus isn't that great, and most of the time I feel left out of a lot of things. FSU's academics are great though!
I hated Fairmont State University before I even arrived on campus, and continued hating it for the better part of my freshman year. But FSU grew on me. I have so many memories here now and I've started to build a life for myself and I can't wait to see FSU grow into its potential to be an amazing campus for every walk of life that attends it.
Beautiful, small campus. Classes are under a 5 minute walk away. The people are so nice. Overall, I wouldn't want to be anywhere else.
Fairmont is definitely what you make of it. I love it so far, and can't wait to explore more. There are definitely opportunities to get out and have fun if you want to. However, you can also go find a nice quiet space in the library. You will get to know many people very fast! Fairmont is awesome.
k
Campus is beautiful, but the town around it is disappointing. I never even knew this place existed. It's considered a commuter school, so the weekends are boring unless you like to party. The dorms are old and dingy, but other than that, I love it.
Honestly this is the best life decision I've ever made. I love being here so much.
Like any school, what you get out of it is going to based on how much effort you put into it.  Everything is passable here.  There are extremely good as well as not so talented professors.  The facilities aren't necessarily state of the art, but they aren't relics from the Stone Age either.  I've had a rather enjoyable experience here.
You live in the state of West Virginia and have no idea how you're going to afford to finish a bachelor's degree? Go to this school. Somehow loaded with money and can actually afford to go anywhere for undergrad? Feel free to stop by, but it's not the crown jewel quite of WV college life.
Best decision I ever made, deciding to come to school here, I highly recommend.
I have loved being a student at Fairmont State University. The Business Program is an accredited program that offers a lot of opportunities to students that set them up to get a job after school or pursue a further education in a potential MBA program. It is so easy to meet and become close to people on campus. I am truly grateful for this school.
It's very pretty for a small school but I've seen the inner workings of many parts of the faculty administration and they are very out of touch with (or just don't care about) students wants and needs. If FSU could focus more on being a great small school instead of trying to compete with WVU or big name universities they would flourish.
The campus is very safe and well maintained. The Falcon Center is really awesome because of the many things its provides. The food is pretty good for cafeteria food and there are a lot of options. Parking is no longer an issue with the new lots. The bad things about FSU are the internet and some administration.
Great choice!
I love it
The internet sucks and you're lucky if you find one helpful person, especially in Turley. 90% of the staff in Turley Center are rude and unhelpful. Other than that it's a nice place.
