Honestly couldn't have asked for a better college experience.
Fairmont State University has its problems just like any other school, but I have really enjoyed my time here thus far. Its not perfect, but I don't think I would enjoy it any other way.
Pretty decent college i gotta say
Fairmont is a great school and yet is surprisingly underrated. There is a great teacher to student ratio and the teachers really care about you. You aren't just a number and the school is just the right size.
I love FSU. THE SMALL university makes it like home. Faculty care about students.
Fairmont is my home. I came here after a life altering event happened and I needed to leave my hometown for a while to figure things out. It was the first school I saw. I scheduled a tour and fell in love. The teachers are outstanding, my department feels like family. I now work here and my fellow staff devote themselves to Fairmont. I love it.
This school has made such a great impact on my life. You can be anyone you went here and the community is great. High key recommend Chi Alpha, its co-ed and the biggest organization on campus. Definitely a life and game changer. Education here is also great and they really help students get internships.
I really like it here. Its pretty easy and the campus is really nice.
Small class sizes. Nice campus. Friendly faculty and staff. Classes aren't extremely hard to pass and you don't get lost in the shuffle. Many solid programs to choose from. Overall a great university with a very nice recreation center and a great value.
The town is terrible. Campus is small so not much walking. Roads suck in the winter and definitely need some work. Professors are cool for the most part. The Falcon Center (although mediocre compared to the majority) is a nice addition. Football games suck, parties suck, campus is pretty, and everyone keeps to their high school clicks mostly.
The campus is alright, very small so not much walking. The classes are like high school in size, some are bigger and have 50-60, most professors are chill, some are absolutely horrible. Dont be excited about clubs, dont take the first year seminar class.
I absolutely hate fairmont. Unless youre living on campus they could care less about you. There are absolutely no options other then to be on campus 5 days a week. (No night classes, off campus classes, etc.) The food isnt terrible but its the same thing every day. The location is terrible, its 15 from the interstate. Good class sizes thats it
The campus isn't the best
