BU is an excellent school and a great place to go. The food is awful for anyone who did not grow up on takeout and Domino's. However, you'll find that at any school. The location is incredible and the professors are usually great. Just be careful when you are picking classes and you will do just fine here.
its awesome
Even though BU is an 'urban' campus it still has a campus feeling- I always see people I know walking down the street. People are very friendly and Boston is an amazing college town. The nickname of the school is 'BJew' and there is a huge gay population. Classes are tough but I've had some really great professors.
Choose another school - its very tough academically but socially, it sucks.
Ridiculously high tuition is a real problem.  The school needs fewer construction projects and a greater focus on giving students the time (minus the job load to pay for school) to learn.
GRADE DEFLATION
treats students and profs badly--costs too much
no
no
no
Boston University, while not ranked the highest according to U.S. News and such, provides excellent opportunities for students to learn and interact in a live-learn environment. The faculty are, in general, helpful and understanding, and the course selection is astounding. Career services vary between schools but are also a valuable resource.
Ivy league schools are generally really hard to get in to, easier once you get in.BU accepts many people--it's fairly easy to get in...it's hard to get out though.  Of the schools with the hardest grading, BU was ranked right next to Princeton and MIT.  BU is nothing like high school - you will have to kill yourself to get As.  Expect all-nighters!
Absolutely perfect, the only downside is that there is grade deflation compared to most schools' grade inflation, resulting in BU students getting lower GPA's a lot.
Do your homework on any professor you plan on taking any classes with.
good,i think so
It's awesome in every way.  It is very hard to get good grades here, but the challenge will be worth it in the long run!
You'll need to work really hard to get a high GPA.
It's amazing.
Money is a major topic between me and my parents, you just have to get over that. But the city is amazing, and very convienent with the subway. Good lunch food, not so good dinner food. Lots of out-of-class resources. Lots of jews and gays, I love it! Good pre-med program.
If you want a closed campus, this is definitely not the school for you. If you want a campus with unlimited opportunities that is connected to the nicest parts of Boston (Cambridge, Brookline, The Back Bay...) then this is the school for you. It's expensive, but if you get financial aid, you should definitely consider attending this school.
GRADE DEFLATION WILL RUIN YOUR LIFE! DO NOT COME HERE IF YOU ARE A SCIENCE MAJOR!!!!!
Boston University is truly a top-tier school, you just have to see through the ranking formulas and metrics to understand why.  We employ THE BEST faculty (most Harvard professors besides Harvard itself) and they will work with you if you are ambitious.  BU won't hold your hand, but it offers you unlimited opportunities to succeed.
I couldn't be happier at BU.  It is my dream school, even though I didn't expect it to be before I came here.  I'm not sure I ever want to leave actually.
Choosing BU was one of the best decisions I ever made.  Had all great experiences from the campus tour to graduation.  So happy I chose BU over BC. Definitely worth the money to have a BU education.
Campus is enormous. You will get lost easily.
The School plays down Greek Life but it becomes apparent quickly that that group does all of the quality programming on (and off) campus. It completely alters your experience at school and is highly advisable. Philanthropic efforts, academic excellence, and social proficiency are highly encouraged and supported by all of the organizations.
if you say that bu sucks socially then you are a social outcast because literally a troll could make friends here. the education is great(if you take a legit major) and the resources are beyond acceptable. im an engineer and people who complain that they cant find a job after studying 'education' and the like should not be surprised. bu is great
The only thing that bothers me is about the price of tuition. Only a few times have a walked around and thought, "this is what my $50,000 is paying for?" But I think it works out for the best and is worth it.
This school is actually legit. Despite what everyone says about BU being a horrible school. They're extremely wrong. Academics are top-tier, challenging, and extremely rewarding. The alumni network is probably one of the best in the world (these people WANT TO GIVE YOU JOBS AT THEIR FIRMS).
I transfered because I hated this school. Don't go here. I know at least 5 people who ended up transferring also. BU is terrible.
Poor grading, linear campus is annoying and disconnected. Staff is not helpful and there is no help from the school's side.
It's in the heart of Boston and there is always a new place to explore.
BU is a lot harder than it looks
Grade deflation.
there really isnt a real "campus" since it's kinda in the middle of a city. Imagine a long stretch of road with buildings on both sides and you get BU. The food at dorms are pretty bad after a few weeks so live in an apartment if you care about food quality that much. The average GPA at BU is pretty low, good luck.
BU is a great school, if you love being in the city then it is the school for you. There is so much to do and there are so many other colleges around Boston as well. Unfortunately, BU has a reputation for having some of the toughest grades in the area and it can be extremely discouraging if you are used to getting A's and B's all the time.
Cost of attendance is higher than the Ivy League schools, but the quality is not even close to them. Majority of professors that I encountered were indifferent and would grade on arbitrary curves that scaled up or down in some cases. Food is horrendous, housing is pretty bad except for StuVi, which costs even more. Look elsewhere for college.
I absolutely love BU. I have not had an unbearable proffessor as of yet, and have not found the work to be unmangeable. Campus is pretty and the location is perfect! Dining halls are really good compared to many other schools and they have some awesome healthy options. There is a club for anything you can think of. great diversity.
I think you get out of BU what you put into it. I'm having an amazing time and have met some awesome people, but I can see how people have a hard time socially here. It's easy to get lost in the big city, but once you find your niche, I promise that you won't regret going to BU. The professors are amazing, and the academics are rigorous.
Freshman should try to live in Warren or West Campus. Upperclassmen should try to live in Brownstones. The unlimited meal plan is for people who don't mind the dining hall. Be prepared for the cold because it is cold here.
PROS: Beautiful city/location. Everything w/in walking distance. Good education. CONS: Grade deflation. Very few professors that actually care about their students. VERY large campus, can be a +/-. Expensive.
BU is OK, there always needs to be more parking, but they lease parking garage to the red sox fans for home games during school year.
BU is an awesome school! The city campus makes it all the more better. The people are awesome and friendly. The faculty is also really good. The one slight hurdle here is BU's grade deflation so it is really hard to get a high GPA because of the difficult grading. But I am super happy here and I think it is the best decision I have ever made.
Although I am just going to spend two and a half years here, really like this place. The COM programs rock! #BUCOMFORLIFE
Before you decide to attend BU, really think about whether or not you want a close campus school or not. BU is located in the downtown area in Boston, which is really convenient and I'm sure people loves that, but in terms of safety and the amount of walking you have to do when rushing to the class, it is not that much fun.
BU is amazing if you love cities, independence, hard work and endless variety for major/study. Hundreds of events, restaurants and people to meet. The work is hard and you might not get that A+ you wanted, but the experience is worth it and job opportunities are choice. GREAT LGBT inclusion!!
Just going to begin my 2nd semester, not much to say... yet.
great school do apply!!
It is very good
Meh
Great place!
I love BU. It's right in the city and the train station is literally right in front of you. The people here are very open and I love the diversity as well. If I could improve one thing, it would be the career center. There aren't enough opportunities available for the huge population.
Excellent school with a fantastic faculty.
Great University to be part of!
BOSS SAUCE
love it!
This school is extremely great.  I dont see why people has to compare it with BC or tufts.  I am assure that you will have such a great experience at BU. Heck, I am loving every moment here and I dont regret my decision to come here at all.
The thing to know about this school is that it is really expensive and generally people who do well have the money to afford it. I really struggled financially living in Boston. I saw many people go through the same thing. Also, I didn't enjoy living in the city. BU is also a rich kid party school and I didn't like that either
It's a huge school so it's easy to feel lost at times. The diversity here is great though (which is one my top choices for attending BU). There are so many different people here so it really is an eye-opening experience.
BU is a wonderful university with so many opportunities. Just having the school's name on your degree is a major opportunity in itself.
Loved it !!
Boston University is the best university you could ever go to.
PERFECT
Awesome school. Glad I'm here.
<3
Very good education and many opportunities for success as well as a well-balanced social life.
Great School, really fun location. love my professors and classmates.
The student spirit is awesome! Especially when it comes to sports and competing against BC or MIT.   The city life is amazing! If you are a city person, then this school is great for you.
BU is a great school if you like to do your own thing and love cities. People who hate on the lack of "school spirit" or that "college vibe" have no right to be complaining, because if that's what you want then you're in the wrong part of the country, buddy. Most of the rich international kids/sorority girls/frat bros are awful, but avoidable.
Great school, even better location!
Great School
BU is a great place but don't go here if you aren't offered some sort of scholarship or financial aid.  Is any education really worth 60 grand a year??
I love BU! It has so many opportunities and makes you feel like you're right there in the action. It's VERY hard academically. Some study said it was the hardest school in the USA to get an A, so be prepared for grade deflation and failure. Do your best and you'll love it here!
I can't speak for the rest of BU, but the engineering department has lousy professors. These professors may do awesome research, but they are absolutely terrible at teaching. The quality of education for engineers at BU is pathetic. Go else where for a good engineering education.
Great school, but not for people who don't like standoffish Northeasterners and spoiled foreign kids. They don't give enough aid and professors are more qualified to do research than they are to teach.
Great school! Great location, amazing professors!
Like every other colleges, there are good and bad things about this school. The dining hall here is amazing. If you don't like the food in the dining halls, there are a lot of restaurants nearby. As for classes, it really depends on who your professor is, but overall isn't that bad.
I think the school from an academic standpoint is good. It's tough though. However, I don't fit into the social life here too well. I hate living in the city and I don't like to party. If you want to have a good experience with professors, YOU have to put in the effort to get to know them. Most are welcoming.
GREAT SCHOOL
Great instructors, selection of classes.  Many different degree programs.
Amazing school, great professors and fantastic location!
LOVE IT
Very expensive but great experience
GO HERE YOU GUYS, this school is brilliant!
Amazing school.
LOVE LOVE LOVE THIS SCHOOL. Perfect location awesome peers and professors.
Boston University embodies everything that a college campus should.
It's a nice school and people are willing to help you, but the grading is seriously super harsh. You really need to study study study a lot to earn your way up to an A.
I love BU
BU is very much into making money. If your a Freshman, you're treated like royalty, but after that, you have to make the best of it on your own. Making friends is tough but the location is great for exploring. You start liking it more as the years go by but honestly, it's a very "every man for himself" kind of school.
This is the best place ever!!!!!
LOVE BOSTON UNIVERSITY;)
Great school if you take advantage of everything there is to offer
Really easy to get research experience. Some professors are awesome. Most of them tend to be. Unfortunately administration is awful and you get the feeling they really don't care about their students, they're just out to make  profit. Everything is more expensive than it should be and student needs are often ignored or trivialized.
It's unfortunate that there isn't a rating category for academics, because that is where this school is really lacking. At least in the engineering school, much of the work is tedious rather than challenging and the grading is skewed in such a way that paying attention to small details is worth more than actually knowing the material.
A great university, with an emphasis on great teaching.
Best choice I ever made
GO BU!
BU is an amazing school! It's both challenging and informative. That being said, the grading here is horrible. You can study all you want and you will not receive an A, it is just the way grades are deflated here. However you do learn a lot and some of the classes are very inspiring. Greek life is strong and socially there's always something to do!
Great university for international students Extremely hard to get an A
A  well known university that exceeds expectations in all areas.  While it is not your typical campus feel there is always a friendly face around to make you feel at home.
I'm an international student and people at home don't consider this school good because according to them only IVY schools are good.  BU isn't an IVY, but it is undoubtedly one of the best schools in the world!
BU has everything. The social, educational, volunteer, and career opportunities are all top notch! I love it here!
Internet - it's fast, but the connection always drops at random times Social - plenty of eventsparties, but sometimes hard to find and get into Food - better compared to most schools, but not as good as what people describe it to be
Amazing!
BU is a really safe school as they have their own federally accredited Police force. It's right in the middle of Boston so finding something to do is never hard and the diversity of the student populace is absolutely wonderful.
Grade deflation is real. Classes are super tough and your grade never stack up to the amount of effort you put in. The party scene here sucks. I am in a frat and I am telling you it sucks trust me. If you want a fun college experience with lots of parties and easy A's don't come to bu. Period. If you want to suffer get a really good education. come
It's terrific.
Cool!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
You're in a large university in one of the best cities in the country: there is so much to do and see both on and off campus! And because the student body is so large, there's much diversity, providing you with opportunities that you would never have thought existed!
Great school that offers a variety of programs that allow students to do what they want. Very well-rounded and opportunities are seemingly endless. Dedicated professors and students.
nope
I've been here for 3 semesters now and the worst things I've encountered are the weather and the shuttle schedule. If you're looking for a large, well-renowned research university with a wealth of majors, clubs, and opportunities as well as some of the best people and professors around, pick BU. Go Terriers!
Great school. I love it here! Great choices with classes and great professors. Only thing I wish I could change is the food!
Boston University is a excellent school. I am challenged by my classes, enjoy discourse with classmates, and love the overall academic vibe and competition. Smart people, smarter professors. I love BU.
Great university and location overall. Probably worth the tuition. Housing is crazily expensive though  beat it by living off campus. A few drawbacks: cramped library; free intra-campus transport (BUS) is infrequent and packed every time; although the best in Boston, the caf food is really not appetiting at all. Still highly recommended!
BU's size definitely scares people but the administration does a good job making your individual college feel like a community. Moreover, the professors are excellent, the campus location is awesome, and the peer group is top notch. If I could do it over I would still choose BU.
