Personally, I've had a pretty bad experience at BU. I was set up for failure multiple times and when I came close to or did fail I was offered no help. But I still love the schools location and the friends I have made here. Don't let one persons experience dictate yours.
definitely one of the best schools in boston, expensive but worth the money
not the school for me
Overall pretty terrible experience. Adults don't care about students, and many profs seem to be here to do their own research not to teach. Grade deflation is ridiculous and there is a general lack of community in housing. Many students seem to transfer and everyone seems unhappy.  Don't come here!!!
..
BU is a good place to go to school. There are lots of opportunities, including study abroad. The food is excellent and there are many choices. The housing is hit or miss. Some of it is fantastic (StuVi) and some of it is not.
I have not had one professor who is mediocre; I can genuinely say that each professor of mine has cared about my learning and has inspired me. I tear up at the end of every semester when it's time to say goodbye to them. BU's location is phenomenal -- you can walk to Newbury Street, man! The campus is unique and is charmingly urban.
good
BU is awesome!
A fine school with an urban campus. Lots going on for those who want to be involved. Some of the facilities could use attention (particularly the Mugar library).
Boston University has so much to offer, and with a prime location and excellent faculty the opportunities are endless.
Most profs are fine. They give really low grade thought. The worst thing about BU is all those offices so many school employees no one cares about you or your problems even though it was their job to care, and they can really screw up. They would apologize, but it is your life that's ruined. They don't care.
Bu is alright. The school itself and location is pretty good. However, the housing system and shuttle is horrible. The food is getting worse every year and there is no quality control as BU is just cutting costs at every corner. The student activities office and student government is useless. Overall it's meh, and a lot of improvements can be made.
It's a great school in a great city with great students. The faculty is awesome, and I don't wanna leave. The management doesn't really care about the students though, everything is about money. Don't expect to be treated fairly or even listened to. But there's just something about this place that make you love it
I love BU. The professors are generally fantastic, clubs and social events are varied and fun, food is awesome and there's lots of options, the buildings are kept up so well and the atmosphere is everything I wanted from a university. The administration can be tough to deal with, they aren't always in tune with the rest of the community, but BUA+
Good school to study
I love Boston. I Love BU. Come and join us Terriers!
There are so many people here, it's really hard to find friends. I've been here for 3 years now, joined multiple clubs, and still haven't found my way. It's also ridiculously hard to get an A, and you have to sacrifice your social life and sanity to do it, which I did--not sure if it is worth it.
BU is my home :). I like most of the people, the place, and the experience. The tuition is really killing me though... but that is every good school :(. I wish ENG had Co-op. If you try hard and apply to research labs or internships and push the advisors, it's rewarding.
Love it here
It's a very individualistic school. You have to really go out of your way to find people to be friends with. People just aren't very outgoing. The college atmosphere also is kind of a let down. Parties get busted pretty quickly, either by cops or RA's. There's just really not much to do at BU in terms of social life.
Boston University is amazing. From orientation on, you feel so welcome and a part of the Boston community. I must say, it is definitely better than Boston College.
I would NOT recommend BU for one reason: the faculty is an absolute disappointment. The professors are all friendly and approachable for the most part, but they don't know how to teach. They lack the ability to effectively communicate concepts to students and help them build a solid foundation. If you're serious about academics, don't go to BU.
Best Ever
It was great.  The school is cool, but they lack diversity and solicitude for their students after they've collected tuition.  The professors , at least in Engineering, are stellar.  However, some of them should be warlords rather than teachers (Ari Trachtenberg).
Nice location but no campus
Boston University is awesome!
Worst experience ever. You know that no one is going to be there for you. Professionals would cancel your appointments 2 minutes after you arrive saying that they are not feeling well. and they normally screw up and you would have to take the punishment
fab
I really enjoy it here. I'm always busy, and I have time do do things with my crazy class schedule.
BU is full of opportunity, fantastic professors, and if you just ask scores of people will come to help you.
BU has provided me with a completely different view of life and the idea that it really is ok to think differently.  If you look for help,  many professors, students, TFs and others will come to help. If you struggle here, they will make you succeed if you just reach out. Overall fantastic school in a fantastic location.
really cares about their students, great reputation, always something to do and explore, generally really good professors, always gonna be bureaucracy issues because of its size, but generally not a huge issue, always happy and vibrant campus, very accepting. i dont wanna leave!
Great atmosphere
Nothing good about BU.
Nice school! U won't be regret to attend it
There are a lot of opportunities here and I love Boston! Best city for me.
Work Hard, Play Hard
Going to be 100% real. BU is a very very difficult school. Expect to have a GPA lower than your friends at other universities while not only learning more then them but also working 10x harder. Also BU really treats its students like a corporation. You are a number. But with this said if you take the initiative there is so much opportunity at BU.
Its a good school but socially it is lacking unless you really put yourself out there, you wont make many friends.
If you're a city person the campus is ideal! Right next to the Fenway neighborhood and theres 4 T stops on campus. The food is pretty good, better than any other college I've visited. Housing can be a hit or miss, depending on your location and roommates. Academics are high quality, very hard to get an A. Social life is in the dorms, parties suck.
Beautiful here. I'm a 20 min walk or 5 min T ride from downtown and every week is like an adventure. The campus is beautiful and the university has some of the most cutting edge technology available. All of my professors are from MIT, Harvard, and the like. Sports aren't big here but there's a ton to do. I'm grateful every day that I'm here.
I love this school and am so glad I chose it over a small liberal arts college like I had originally wanted to. I feel like I have a family even though the school is so big, and I love meeting all of these people from all over the world!
It's strange not really having a legit "campus" because it's all located on a city street. At the same time, it's nice to be so immersed in a city like Boston. Also the food is amazing!!
Really great school all around with amazing research opportunities and skilled, helpful, knowledgable professors.
Amazing place, worth every penny
BU is definitely a great school that takes some time to warm up to. There are so many ways of getting involved that you can make your time here worth your while. However, the conservative administration is something that needs to change.
a
For one thing if you're an international student, it's damn expensive to attend. I'd say it's worth every penny but by the end of the college you'll be drowning in debt. They've increased the living fees AGAIN!
I'm an international student, and I don't know if everyone feels the same but the fees are ultra-expensive even with a Presidencial scholarship. Everyone says it's worth it, and I hope it's true. For now, I know that the campus is gorgeous, and everything I need is there... but I'll know for sure when I graduate and go find a job.
BU's great!! Could use better wifi though.
TBH I wish I had attended another university
Love College, Hate School
GOOD -3-  LOVE BU
Great reputation, haven't made many friends, but the ones I have are amazing. Many opportunities, sometimes intimidating. Love Boston. Housing can be good or bad. Food is good in comparison to other schools but gets old real quick.  Parties get shut down quick, most people love their dorm floors. Great profs for the most part, difficult to get an A
BU IS INCREDIBLE. I never want to leave.... maybe I will flunk out so that I can stay.
BU is a great school, but if you don't like the city life, then it is not for you.
I am sooo happy here. Come to BU its amazing!
There are definitely things administratively that I disagree with at BU, but I love it here! I have a wonderful life in Boston and am receiving an incredible education. Highly recommended!
BEST. EVER.
Sooo many opportunities and connections within Boston and greater New England. Judicial Affairs are too strict about the wrong things. But typically BU's resources are fantastic. Great faculty... really care about the students.
Cool
People who say BU doesn't have a campus are lying to themselves. Comm. Ave is a great place to be as a college student. Great array of classes, great location (Boston), always things to do, lots of food options and plenty of opportunities to have fun. You can't wait for all of it to come to you though; you have to go out and make your own memories.
This school is great for all types of people, if you want to be social there's a huge social scene and if you want to stick to the books, there's academically rigorous courses readily available. Amazing resources for careers, sports, clubs and such, and a huge international population.
If there was one thing I believe all in-coming freshmen should know, it would be this: Boston University is what you make of it. One lesson you will learn here is, at the end of the day, you must pursue your desires. Whether that be research opportunities or strong friendships or high marks, it's possible at BU if you put in the effort.
They offer good internships and job opportunities at pretty much any D1 institution. The education is ok,  some professors are ok, but most classes would have significantly lower averages without tfs. You can't control this. Social life: controllable, but luck plays a role. Some do have the time of their life, others really hate it.
I'm a post-Master's student who attends part time in evenings, so I can't really speak to the clubs, but I like my weekly visits to the campus for class.  Seems like fringe areas on the far west side of Comm Ave see some crime so be careful out that way.  Campus is overall really very nice.  Lots of food options, Fenway, and in the Heart of Boston.
Post-Master's Degree Computer Science student here, commute in by rail for 1 night class per week.  Great location, though far west end of campus can be a bit a bit sketchy, so be cautious out that way.  Have made many good contacts here with both classmates and faculty.  Great school overall.  I enjoy coming and learning here.
It's in the heart of the city. It's prestigious and financial aid is pretty nice.
Friends seem to be having a better time at other Universities; I think I'll be transferring.
There are a lot of flaws in the housing system (unless you can afford or get lucky to get into StuVi). Other than that, good experience.
Love it here so much!
The resources here are endless, and those who say otherwise haven't looked. College anywhere is what you make of it, and BU was a perfect fit for me. My clubs lead to established networks for jobs, I'm learning so much, Boston is an amazing city, and my friends I've made here are for life.
The school is a good place.
Although I never expect to end up in Boston University, the college really surprised me with its academics as well as its students. Students were overall really friendly and I feel like the classes are challenging to a level where it doesn't generate stress, even as a STEM major. The internet is pretty bad though.
Didn't feel prepared enough to attend Boston University, but aside from that fact, I'd say I'm fairing well and believe Boston University is a great school. Grade deflation definitely is real, but I believe the school prepares every student well enough for the real world and provides a good enough challenge to students.
Boston is a great area for networking and opportunities, you should be open to talking to new people. I would say someone more independent would do well here. I live off campus and find it more desirable than on campus housing (which is tiny). Teachers are hit or miss like anywhere else. Great research opportunities. So many events available.
I would never leave!
Education-wise it's mostly a miss. Some professors don't speak the language properly, others have research and other things to attend to that keep them from actually doing a good job in the classroom/office hours. Everyone seems stressed and social withdrawn due to said stress.
I miss the dining hall food so much! Hockey team is good! I don't really like hockey though. Tons of on campus clubs. Most campus-wide events occur towards the beginning of the semesters. Lots of free events though. Always wished there were more study spaces open to undergrads around finals period. Great dining and custodial staff! So lovely!
My favorite college campus to be on.
Boston University is a very underappreciated school in a fantastic location. It's not just an Ivy League reject campus, the people here genuinely love it here, and the city of Boston loves us right back.
good pr programs. communications too. they really know how to advertise here
BU was not my first choice but now that I go here I question why it wasn't in the first place. The best parts are the network and the location in my opinion.
The school is great, but grade deflation is awful and the social scene is hard to be a part of. It can be very discouraging and lonely. Boston is beautiful and the professors are very smart. It is just a lonely place.
BU knows that it isn't as prestigious as Harvard or Yale, nor does it try to be. Instead, BU focuses on career preparation, networking, and field experience, and this approach is working in its own right. The location is prime, but with an open campus comes some shady characters. Much of the construction is sturdy but extremely unstylish.
Think about what you are looking for and what career path you want to take in the future before you come to this school.
The clubs I've been in, people I've met, and experiences I've had have changed my life. I consider myself lucky to be here every day. It's tough if you're not a self-starter, but everything you can think of is here if you look for it.
Out of all the qualities that Boston University possesses as a whole, there are only 2 downsides. 1: it is cold, if you cannot handle negative degree weather in the winter, either steer clear. 2: The grading is Ivy-level difficult, and in some classes harder than that. You must work harder than you ever have. Besides that, BU is BASICALLY heaven!!!
With many clubs to join, the school offers countless opportunities. Moreover, since it is right in the hear of Boston, commuting to different places is very convenient and easy. Foods in the dining hall are very doable - not the best but definitely better than many other colleges. Overall, I'd say BU is a great university.
A lot of people underrate BU's academic standards, but this school is very hard. The sports teams are prioritized a lot more than the arts in terms of school politics, even though our arts programs are actually more rigourous and accredited than athletics.
Love that I went here
Pretty hard classes, grade deflation is real -- not a myth
I love Boston University and I have not regretted choosing it once! Coming from the country, I wasn't sure if I would adjust well to the city, but I quickly got used to it and I love it!
Grading is absolutely awful.
Dining halls: Bay State  West  Warren  People tend to think they'll meet a lot of friends at Warren (esp freshman) but DO NOT choose warren if you don't want noise and if you want better food.  PDP (sports) classes are fun.
transferred out after my freshman year--too much money for subpar academics (not enough office hours given, teachers very unavailable), not a collaborative environment, and to fit in socially you either have to be a part of greek, theatre, film, acapella, or sports.
I truly love it here. This school is absolutely right for you if you wanted a bigger school that isn't massive like a state school, have lots of opportunities to explore classes and majors, and make friends from all over the world.
I love it. Keep an open mind. You'll find yourself here.
This school pushes its students to the limits, making you leave here a smart, intelligent person with an insane work ethic.
Great Professors nice atmosphere great school, historically open to minorities (women, foreigners etc) very helpful staff would definitely recommend
BU is ultimately what you make of it. It's a very open and inclusive school, with the ability to cater to a wide variety of interests. It really feels like home.
I hate it here at BU, it's the worst. People are rude and disrespectful and basically you can only get by if you're rich and extroverted.
Well, I just graduated in engineering, so I can only speak for that. The ECE department is awesome, they train you hard to have a career. (Can't speak for ME) BME... was bad. I still don't know what BMEs do. It's very research oriented, not good at teaching their students like ECE. I love the people at BU and the environment was fun.
I transferred from Harvard after freshman year because the school didn't offer as many majors and minors as BU. Although Harvard definitely has the name and prestige, I found BU to be a better fit for me. But I will say this, BU's science courses are much harder than many of my classes at Harvard (not all, but many).
Decent school, some courses were good, some weren't.  Coming into college I was a little frustrated because I got rejected by some other schools and Ivies, but it all worked out in the end. Really, I'm glad I had BU to fall back on. Now I just need to figure out how to pay off this debt, LoL
just recently graduated. so glad it's over. Don't let the ads get you kids
Great School. Too Expensive. Lots of Resources. Hard Classes. Amazing Social life. Great Study Abroad Program. Diverse, could be some more minorities though. Lots of Opportunities.
A lot of beautiful girls, a lot of cool guys. WAY too much work, which doesn't really leave you enough time to take advantage of the aforementioned plusses.
BU really has a place for every person, so many clubs and events on campus.
Regret attending.
its a cool college but the social scene is dead
BU's a good school. CGS is awful though. It drags down the reputation of the rest of the school.
GO TERRIERS
Expensive but there's a lot you get for the money
Boston University is beautiful. It's in a part of Boston that isn't too overwhelimg. It's not quite a campus, but a long street of buildings . The distinguished professors make learning and networking for careers easy as well.
Super diverse, the perfect balance of a large and small campus community
I am a pre- med freshman at BU. I have been here a few months and already have found a paid biology research opportunity, starting volunteering at Boston Medical Center, and am about to start training to become an EMT. There are lots of opportunities here, you just have do a little research.
Internet is awful, food is better than most schools, but Boston is amazing and the school is great. Social scene is alright, not terrible! GO TERRIERS!
The ffod is the issue and there are very few ways to participate in sports
Great place to go to school, but a campus along a long street can make the social scene challenging
Great sports, great friends, party life is harder if you are not in a fraternity or over 21. Overall, great university.
The campus is urban, but it's in one of the greatest cities in the world surrounded by world renowned researchers that are there to solve the hard science problems that take decades to reach fruition but ultimately improve humanity's outcome. You will not be disappointed if you go there to apply yourself and push yourself further than you thought!
Social scene sucks unless you're 21 or part of greek life. Verrrrrry exclusive vibes as far as the social scene goes. Academics are great, you get what you pay for. Hard to meet people because the campus is so urban and spread out, and the school is huge. Overall, I found myself to be super unhappy at BU.
BU has a fairly bad campus, there's essentially no legitimate green space. It has all the usual college things that you would expect anywhere else. BU is extremely overrated, so just be aware that it's not worth the money. Grade deflation does exist here, not everywhere though, it's mostly limited to certain departments (science ones).
Very prestigious university. One of the best in the entire country. Very proud to have gone here. Both undergrad and grad is amazing. Great Hockey program!
