Love my school! Proud to BU.
I love my school. I love Boston, most of my classes have been really great, albeit some difficult. The people here are ambitious, kind, smart, and for the most part not obnoxious. Love my major, neuroscience, excellent proffessors.
I love this school so much. Definitely not a traditional campus feel, but a huge sense of community. Be prepared to put in a lot of work. Grade inflation does NOT exist here & from my experience extra credit is very rare. It wasn't my first choice school, but it should have been. I'm so in love with this school, this city, and everything in between
BU is a great school where you can really do whatever you want. Some things require initiative, but considering that you are at college to be an adult, this should be no surprise. BU has wonderful study abroad programs and the professors care about their students. There are so many clubs and activities to get involved with too! I love BU so much!
BU's reputation and drive to become a top school in the U.S. is impressive, and it shows in the quality of education they provide. The student body is motivated, diverse, and full of energy, and it makes me want to push myself to be a better student. I have learned more about other people as well as my chosen field than I could have anywhere else.
Really amazing school. Prepared me so well for medical school.
Terrible place, I'm miserable every day I'm here and yet grade deflation keeps my GPA too low to transfer to a school of higher caliber. All around a trap
There's room for all kinds of people to be involved in what they like. For the most part, professors are helpful and good at what they do.
It's pretty good for the most part. No one is going to find you on their own, so it's on you to find friends. The steps are all there: there are plentiful of clubs and people. Everything else is probably what you would expect out of a normal college campus: ok food, bad-awesome teachers, and a gym
Too hyped up for what it actually delivers. No sense of community on campus, clubs like to talk about how minimal their participation is. Campus is like it's own bubble, while its in the city, its an effort to go anywhere. Depending on your major, the course load is so intense you have no free time. Sure there are good opportunities, but too pricey
Good school but way too much money for what you're getting
BU is your typical big school. There are a lot of people with different personalities and you just got to meet the right people. However, if you don't go out, it will be hard to know people. The opportunities are there, you just have to just put yourself out there.
Good University
Professors are self-contradictory, advisors are unhelpful, students are lazy, school is old, food is not ok if you live in Warren, many TFs don't attend to their office hours. Your friends will not discuss interesting academic topics with you except for the minimum amount right after the finals. Just some facts, you can ignore it, like a BU person
One of the best schools
Teachers are only good if you find the right ones. There is no opportunities in general unless you are actively talking to people and looking for those opportunity. Food tastes fine, but after a while, it gets old. Happiness is less than expected since maintaining grades and social life is almost impossible unless you don't mind not being healthy.
i ike it here. grading is harsh, parties are average, but the food is good
A lot of the common spaces are falling apart and just don't feel comfortable. The food is good but it's the same stuff a lot.
It's nice to be in the city, but the buildings are run down and sketchy. Everything, including the school, is super expensive. If you like the location, just go to another school in Boston. BU needs to be radically changed before it's a positive place to exist in. Profs here would be happy to talk to you even if you aren't at BU, so...
Definitely for people who like the city and don't mind a busy life, but there are lots of things to do, parties to go to, clubs to join, and a great environment for learning. The education here is superb, so take this opportunity if you get the chance to.
I am currently a business major in Alpha Phi Omega and the marching band. This university has given me so many great opportunities to get involved with the campus. Boston University has good study abroad programs. I got a summer internship with the Microsoft branch in London. Proud to be a Terrier!
Here's the perspective of a CE major. This is a very hard program, you will not get much sleep but it will be worth it. Awesome opportunities will be available to you as long as you look for them. Professors care and will provide you with resources and help. Nightlife is what you make of it.
BU is an amazing school! The professors here all really care and want you to succeed. The school being centered in the middle of Boston is great and gives you so much to do even outside of school.
Professors are great, the administration is pretty suspect. This place will make your parents proud but put you through the wringer. For such a liberal institution, their mental health facilities are understaffed and overbooked.
Bu is not too bad.
BU has a very difficult social atmosphere to get integrated into. It is very independent here. Most likely will transfer to BC or Northeastern if I can. Academics are fine - just the social atmosphere is tough, and this is coming from a very social person.
I love it here! Such a beautiful campus in Boston -- makes up for the constant stress of classes and homework.
I came to BU because I thought they had the best resources and opportunities, but so far it has been hit or miss. You really have to go out of your way to make those things happen, which I'm sure you would also do at a much cheaper public school. Little school spirit in terms of sports-- yes even hockey. Food SUCKS; they bathe everything in oil.
As an international student, I really love it here; so far I have come to love Boston. Even though it sounds cliche, BU has a great community of people, and although it is overwhelming due to the large amount of students, you find your people. If you're a partier, frat parties are all around, from Allston to Bay State.
No thanks
Whenever I leave for winter break, I can't wait to go back! I love it! While it is hard, a lot of the buzz about BU grade deflation seems to be mostly about engineering students and pre-med students. Everything else is pretty normal. There are a lot of classes with amazing faculty and the vibe and location are great!
It's absolutely amazing. You don't get a lot of benefits- no students discounts on public transportation and BU's bus is NOT reliable, but overall I would definitely recommend BU. The HUB system is fantastic and I love the people. It's right in the middle of Boston - def go to Fenway and there are so many opportunities.
absolutely hate this place. For 71k a year, the academic and social experience is not on par with the cost of being here. HUB system is stupid and makes you take unrelated classes to your major and takes up a class slot for actually useful classes. school itself doesn't seem to care ab its students, student vibe is this was no one's first choice.
Pretty amazing school overall with a great international reputation. Downsides are: merely adequate food, and high price (if you want to go here, apply for a lot of scholarships). Frats here suck, but there are tons of great clubs to join. Has a reputation for being very academically demanding , but despite this everyone I know is very happy here.
Love it here. Right in the heart of Boston, so accessible to the best parts of the city. Professors are world-renowned and in my experience, excellent. Students of all kind go here, you'll never feel like you don't have a place.
BU is a solid school that is definitely one of the best in the country. The academics are hard, but prepare you well. Alumni and networking are strong. Athletics are D1 (basketball + hockey most exciting). Lots of good faculty. State schools have better partying, but city of Boston presents many opportunities. Overall a great experience!
I love BU. Its really a great place to go to school and their are so many great people everywhere. My only complaint is the wifi. The only way to have a bad time here is to put nothing in or not know how to network and thats on the student not the university.
One year at BU and I've already secured a research job, secured a summer job, made a lot of good friends, experienced so much in the city of Boston, and have truly felt like part of a community here. There are so many opportunities for jobs, friends, and academics. Classes can be really tough/stressful but the highs far outshine the lows. 9/10
Great school with great professors, but hard work is essential.
BU is a great school, it has flaws but they all do. At least you know you're getting a good education if you put work into it.
Boston University is amazing in terms of the amount of opportunities students have. So many clubs, so many different majors, and there are tons of work, internship, and research jobs. They also help you find a career outside of BU. Students are all ambitious. Only challenge is that BU is pretty competitive - there is some grade deflation.
Just finished my freshman year and I am so happy I came here. Could not imagine myself anywhere else.
Have spend 2 years at BU. I have never experienced anyone saying "You go to BU? Wow!" so can't say much about reputation. It has lots of opportunities, but you really have to find them. People are social, but because campus is so spread out, making friends is harder.
BU is pretty good in general. People at QST may be a bit annoying with their networking schemes. GOSH and all the group projects (qst classes are designed so that there's a group project component included expect for fe101+es275). HATE all the es classes, such a waste of time. OB is a joke.
This place will challenge you, but you will grow immensely.
Its a urban campus, so individuals are expected to be extroverted. That being said, BU has a beautiful campus with bountiful opportunity extending beyond the city limits. There are several eateries on campus with enormous variety. Finding a quiet place to study in the hustle and bustle of the city is surprisingly easy at BU.
Great professors, great environment. Food and some facilities could use some attention, but it's definitely not bad. Overall, I'm happy with my choice and like it here.
I loved my time at Boston University. Grading is extremely difficult, but if you manage your time properly, you can still have a great social life. You have the best sports teams in the area, and it's easy to explore Boston and Cambridge: where there are just loads and loads of other students.
It's a great school, but the campus is too long horizontally, so 15 minute break might not be enough to get from one building to another. In terms of dorms, it's difficult to get good dorms and even if you do, there's higher chance you can't afford. BU gives FA to 70% of the kids which means tuition is more expensive than what it's worth.
Great overall school, but you will be challenged to get good grades in a quite competitive atmosphere. People here are overall very friendly and you won't have an issue finding your niche with all the opportunities to make friends.
Go Terriers!
Incredible school in the best city in the world!
BU is simply the best. I truly believe there are people/ clubs/ activities/ academics for everyone. The professors here are so invested and truly care about their student's success and well-being. I say this having transferred twice!!
BU will challenge the hell out of you, but if you put in the work and speak with your professors outside of class, you'll be rewarded. Great networking opportunities in one of the most educated cities in the country. Went here for undergrad and stayed on for a Master's. Go BU!
I'm confident in the quality of my education at BU, although the quality of life is a little lacking - especially in the on-campus housing.
If you want to be a stem major, DO NOT COME HERE.
BU is the best campus you can possibly imagine. You can find anything and meet anyone you want. It's in the center of everything.
BU cares about its reputation and ranking and that is it. The food is not properly cooked half the time, the dorms, with the exception of stuvi, are awful, the internet is down half the time, and the party scene is an embarrassment. But, bu does have a good reputation and will prepare you for later in life, just dont expect to enjoy your time here
Endless opportunities here at BU and in Boston. BU is extremely difficult and grade deflation does happen, but if you work hard in classes you will still get good grades and learn a ton.
It is what you make it
I think I chose right ! That's what I would say !
BU is in a great location and its reputation will make people go "wow". Thats really the end of the good stuff. Opportunities are here but you need to work hard to find them. The housing is on par with military barracks unless you have connections & 15k to get into stuvi. The wifi and food are awful. It is not worth the price tag or the mediocrity.
I've gone to BU for the past three years (I was a transfer student) and I absolutely adored my time here. Boston is a great city without feeling too big, the CAS faculty was really kind, helpful, and intelligent. Personally, I feel like I got a great college experience. The social connections of a small campus with the opportunities of a large city
Great research opportunities.
I transferred to BU last year and I absolutely love it. The location is perfect in downtown Boston. The research opportunities are endless (BU, MIT, Harvard, BMC, MGH, etc.). The food is good for a college campus, and the entire city is full of intelligent students who also love to socialize
BU is not what I expected it to be. The food is not nearly as good as they make it out to be, the social scene is definitely lacking, and when they say that BU is the hardest school to get an A at in all of America? Yeah, they're not kidding. But honestly it grows on you. As soon as you can find your place it's amazing, it just takes some time
Best place I could have chosen for my freshman year. Classes are hard but worth it
BU classes are hard and can be difficult to get As in. If you put in the work it's very doable though! There are also fantastic research opportunities if you're an engineer. I did research 3/4 years and was always funded. I enjoyed my time here.
Boston is one of the best cities in the US. Opportunity is everywhere. Classes are tough, but work hard and itll pay off!
Great academic school that will push you to try harder and do better, but in the long run it will all be worth it. In a nice location in the center of Boston that will afford you the opportunities to branch out and make connections that will advance your career while keeping a social life, despite the rigorous coursework. Would definitely recommend
Just like any school, BU has its pros and cons. Grade deflation is real, campus vibe can get depressing at times, and the library is pitiful. With this being said, the pros outweigh the cons. Professors are unparalleled, location is second to none, and all the students are very friendly and diverse. Overall a good place that will prepare you well.
Not a huge community feel here; everyone is doing their own thing. People are kind of cold and not that welcoming, to be honest. I haven't made amazing friends. Besides that its good, so if you are very independent and don't depend on having a community feel you should be fine.
Fantastic reputation, and in an unbeatable location. Boston is beautiful. You need to have a sense of independence to go here, but it will prepare you well for any job from STEM to communications.
The best four years! I did research everywhere and met so many new people. HIGHLY recommend if you want a challenging, rewarding education.
BU has an incredible reputation and is in the heart of Boston (the perfect location for any opportunities). You need to reach out on your own and learn to be proactive in your studies, but it surely prepares you for the real world. STEM programs are amazing and challenging!
amazing school for public health and science in general
I love BU!! It is right in the heart of Boston, and there are opportunities all over for every major. The professors care about you and will make time for you. There is rarely a crime on campus. BU is known for excellent programs as well. They will push you to work hard, but it prepares you for the real world.
not my fave
Great place to be. Not perfect, but not a lot more I could ask for or expect.
BU is an excellent school. A lot will be sad and complain about it, and I'm not excluded from that list. But its pros outweighs its cons by SO MUCH that I am SO SO SO glad I did not transfer. If you actively look to have a great time, you will have a great time. Tip: get some good friends and you'll never regret BU
BU is incredible! You will be challenged, but it prepares you for the real world. Being right in the heart of Boston makes major opportunities easy to find, and Boston is beautiful and full of activity. You will never be bored!
Boston U is a wonderful school, with wonderful opportunities however there are still some downfalls
If you like green areas to socialize, then this is the worst choice.
BU is incredible! You need to work for prestigious opportunities, but many will also present themselves to you. The grading is certainly hard at times, but the professors care about you and want you to succeed. Also, Boston is amazing
covid ruined the dining hall
It's about what you make of it. If you just go to class and don't interact with anyone else, you can't complain about it. There's so many opportunities to get to know people through clubs, social scene, greek life, and other boston schools. boston is a great place so put yourself out there and you'll love it
covid limits a lot of chances to make friends but it is still possible
Overall, I am really enjoying my time at BU. I was always scared to start college, but once I moved in, I felt right at home! My classes were wonderful, with interesting material and ( for the most part ) kind professors. However, the food is not very good and I got food poisoning from the maple chicken. Other than that, I have enjoyed myself. :)
