I remember looking at this page when I was a senior in high school deciding where I should go. Here's what I would say to him: Go! Absolutely go. It is imperfect but you will come to learn so is very single college. Money matters. A lot. College rep is overrated (at least in your field of social work). Going to college in a city > country/burbs
Great school with plenty of opportunity. If you come to BU with a specific goal in mind, the resources exist to help you achieve that goal. There are is type of person you can think of at BU, so anyone should be able to find their niche/friend group. Be ready to work though, it's demanding and can definitely weigh on your mental health sometimes.
A perfect city campus vibe where you meet such an amazing and diverse group of friends and professors.
I love this school! BU will be what you make of it, but if you come here and meet your professors, join clubs, and take yourself out of your comfort zone, you will have an incredible time. Boston is an amazing city full of opportunities. I haven't felt unsafe, but once in a while there is a safety notification. Be prepared to work hard and have fun
Good School in general
BU is amazing! Boston is a rewarding, fun place to be. Opportunities are endless. Be prepared to work hard and enjoy your time here
If you want to go to college in a city and feel connected to the city, BU is perfect for you. The T runs right down campus and you are in walking distance of literally anything you could possibly need.
overall pretty good
I will forever love my school!
people are so high-strung/pretentious/fake. you will need to hunt to find your real friends but they are out there.
BU is the definition of "you get out of it what you put into it." If you show up with a drive to succeed in your field, you will flourish. If you want to just party and slack off, consider a less expensive school. Biggest tips- connect with your favorite professors, explore the city whenever you can, and bring a unique perspective to the table.
Great professors, numerous research opportunities, adorable campus, average dorms, good variety of food in dining halls, friendly students. Would totally recommend it!
BU is incredible. There is endless opportunity and professors want to help you succeed. This school has a good reputation, so prepare for some competitive classmates. Ultimately, these experiences will better you as a student and as a person
Excited to graduate, but sad to move on from BU and Boston! BU is what you make of it, like nearly every school. The programs are phenomenal, and your professors want you to succeed.
BU IS AMAZING!!
BU is a great place to be in as long as you put yourself out there, just like any other college
Not bad. Not first choice. but solid. Subelite uni
Great School!
Engineering curriculum is a bit of a mess right now, they need to do a top-down redesign instead of modifying specific classes. For example, changed EK131 to a 2-credit class, and they had to remove a lot of the design from it--basically giving us a kit to build instead of a design project. There are several classes like that--pls let me design :(
Like most higher ed, this school respects you as long as you fall in line with their political values and lean left. As a moderate student on campus, I feel like I am not able to speak up about the things that matter to me. I wish schools supported all views instead of only one.
This is a great school with a great reputation. Boston is just an amazing city to be in. BU is so diverse you are bound to meet someone from another city, state, country, and/or continent.
Very overrated academic school in some majors. I'm in Communications and every class I've taken is easier than any class I took at my public high school. Clubs are awesome and give you great opportunities. People are quiet and not very social generally. Way overpriced as most colleges are but this one especially. It will most likely transfer.
I'm a transfer student sophomore from a Midwestern university. I chose BU because I wanted lots of opportunities and things to do when I'm bored. It was a tough transition, but the semester is ending, and I'm really happy! Some of the buildings are pretty hideous, and the foods alright, but overall it's good! I've met some awesome people!
I transferred from Michigan State to BU in 2018. I like the amount of people on BU's campus, but I do not understand why every dorm room is occupied (roommate conflicts are difficult to resolve because of this). Transitioning to BU's curriculum was the hardest part, but once you understand your professor's expectations it becomes less daunting.
Great school, great friends, and great city!
Wonderful!
Was a junior year covid transfer and i love it
I really like BU. The professors are insanely well qualified and the campus is in a great location. The dorms are decent but vary significantly depending on the building. The food is good and there are many dining options on campus. Connection to the rest of Boston is excellent. The workload can be heavy and social life isn't too strong.
Great place to BU
Security guards in Warren tower ALWAYS yell at students for no reason and try to win over students instead of trying to solve the problems. They are rude when students ask questions or when they are doing nothing wrong. I feel unsafe knowing they work at Warren tower, but other than that, BU is well known and decent school.
I love BU! Coming here means you are in one of the top Medical and STEM communities in the world, so take advantage of it. Your classes will be hard if you are in STEM, but it depends on your major for other departments. Advisors are incredible and there are endless activities! You meet people from around the world and learn so much.
Wonderful campus and people
I love the people and professor at BU
Everything is great except for the dining hall food.
honestly 8/10
Best 4 years of my life
It's amazing
very good campus and really helpful faculties
