It's Awesome!!!!
VCU is a diverse community deeply rooted in the culture of Richmond.  If you are considering the arts, VCU is the first place to look. With brand new, top of the line facilities, VCU knows how to treat their students. It's definitely worth your money. In fact, VCU is the least expensive public university for arts in the entire country. Go Rams!
Know what you're doing because no one is going to help you.
You either love it or hate it, I happen to love it and it's urban atmosphere.
they are making massive improvements based on student feedback
This is a good school for art, business, med students
Too much animosity and no system is available to protect students from harassment by professors. All what I keep doing is to submit complaints that are mostly ignored or manipulated for the sake of professors interest and maintain the school accreditation. Not a fair system, no justice around. RACE against internationals is obvious and encouraged.
If your buddy's drunk, just turn them on their side so they don't choke on the puke. DON'T call 911 or the police unless it's an emergency. The hospital calls your parents & VCU WILL find out since they're part of the same system. You'll get punished & have to do community service. The solution is to not to drink as much or at all, if possible.
VCU IS AWESOME! :)
Virginia Commonwealth University is the best decision i have ever made in my life. If any person is thinking of attending VCU i would strongly encourage him/her.
.............
I think VCU in general is awesome, and I'm really glad I chose to come here. The only negative thing is lack of parties around campus. Richmond is big on clubbing, and parties around here are often exclusive which sucks, but at the same time, it's easier to concentrate on work that way.
It sucks.
VCU is really an awesome place to be. You meet so many different people and experience so much! I love it here at VCU and I don't think I would ever change my decision in coming here...definitely the right choice!
There is a misconception about VCU that is based on people thinking that Richmond is crime infested and dangerous. My friends that go to other schools joke about me getting shot because I go to a school in the city; this is completley bogus. VCU is a safe place to go to school. Everything you need is in walking distance; Convenience is a major perk
CAMPUS: School of Business (where I attend) is nice, but it can be hard to find parking in the city. FOOD: Any place run by Aramark Dining Services is subpar. I frequent Panera & Chipotle. LIBRARY: I'm a senior, and I've only used it once to find something for a friend. CLUBS: I've found two enjoyable clubs that have helped to bank up my resume.
It is in the middle of Richmond. There is a little something for everyone. VCU is the largest school in Virginia, and if you're really into arts this is the best public arts school in the nation. VCU has a lot of resources, use them!! Oh, and be careful walking around at night and be aware of your surroundings..
VCU is a huge school so it's easy to get lost in the crowd. With over 100 people in many classes, the professors may not know your name until the end of the semester. With so many students, you really have to do a lot of stuff on your own. Overall it's been a good experience. Really teaches personal responsibility.
VCU IS THE BEST UNIVERSITY IN THE STATE!
VCU is great but Richmond is AMAZING!! I love it here! It's full of people with 'alternative world views' so to speak...
the bureaucratic are just as ineffective as any other college
the school is alright.. thats about it..
Nice school, big classes.
Lot of Diversity. You will have a lot of opportunities to grow as a student and as a person!
Not your normal college, very city life and tons of things to do off campus
VCU is extremely diverse and provides a strong contrast to the traditional American university.
It's damn near impossible to find clubs, and campus events are fairly rare. Some people see campus as a dangerous place since it's in urban Richmond, this is not the case if you use you head. Getting hit by a bike or skateboard was a bigger concern for me than crime. VCU is what you make of it.
Financial aid is a massive pain. Have any information(ANY INFO!) given to you confirmed three times minimum and in writing.
Vcu is an EXCELLENT SCHOOL. But tuition is spiking up and I don't really appreciate that... Overall I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else.
It's a big busy school mixed into the city. It can be a little scary interacting with city goers sometimes so always consider safety first. There's always something going on and tons of people around so look hard enough and there's always something to do. What I like best are the free bus passes full time students get. They unlock the entire city!
VCU is a great urban school with an amazing arts program. Our Rams basketball team helps us display our school spirit.
VCU has something for everyone. If you are thinking about coming to VCU do it!
Is in the heart of an underrated city.  Multiple other public and private colleges nearby, massive nightlife in the city and that caused it to not be a 'party school,' since the parties are all around campus in the clubs. Go RAMS
I absolutely love VCU.
VCU has made vast improvement past couple of years. But one thing I noticed recently is that each year, the freshmen class gets bigger so the campus gets a bit crowded between 12 to 3.But why do I care.. I'm graduating soon. I wouldn't mind seeing the school expand tho.. =]
Great school.
I love VCU and Richmond. Don't let the fact that VCU is a urban school turn you off, it is relatively contained (except the MCV campus is downtown, when the normal academic campus is closer to the West End). Great school, good people, wonderful teachers.
This place is great, being in Richmond is awesome.
Be prepared to enter the most exciting, the most diverse, and the most pleasing school in Virginia.
I am disappointed with the caliber of students at this school.  They are not well read, do not write well, and are generally slackers and whiners.  In my major there a lot of group assignments.  My experiences have been horrible with the other students.  No responsibility, accountability, or just plain ability.  Totally looking to transfer....
VCU is my jont. I've wanted to go here for years, and my first semester in I'm loving it! A great variety of people, good programs of study - all that jazz. I love that we're in the middle of a city, because there always something happening - be it some sort of celebration or someone getting robbed. Remember to stay safe if you come to VCU.
Its an awesome school with lot of fun, learning, job and many other social activities plus the awesome gym ever. Attend V.C.U
I transferred to VCU from LIU and I can say it's the best decision I've made thus far. The quality of the education I'm receiving here, compared to LIU (which is a private school) is ten times better. The campus is beautiful, and the cost isn't as bad when compared to other schools. If you like an urban setting, this school is for you.
VCU has a very distinct vibe to it. It's not for everyone, but for the people that do end up going here absolutely fall in love. Richmond is a beautiful place, filled with gorgeous old buildings and impressive new ones too. It's got a little bit of everything people love; the busy, exciting city feel and the adventurous nature of the James River.
VCU is a University that is on the rise. It has a strong focus in Engineering, Art, and Medicine. All of these departments are fully accredited with their professors wining prestigious awards. It is a great school if you love living in the city and want to be challenged and get a good education.
This is a Diverse school, with lots of great people from all around the world. Good campus, location, food etc. They do need to work on a few cons for example, their advising and little bit more, on student success, other than that its a pretty fair school.
I would not recommend attending VCU if you want a good education.  Most classes are taught by teacher's assistants with class sizes from 150-400 students.  The classes that aren't taught by TAs are usually taught by teacher's that are not very good (there are exceptions). The tuition raise does not meet the quality of education received.
If I have to do it all over again, I will still attend VCU. Professors @ VCU make it worth your time while there, great group of professors. Excellent social activities, night life, and interactions with many other close by universities. Planning to stay to get my Doctorate in HSEP & Intell. Diverse mix of cultures and students give VCU unique stat
awesome city/urban like campus, lots of history around and yet the campus is looking better each year, vcu is always building new things now, really changed since i was here in 2009 as a freshmen. you hate it first, you learn to love it SO MUCH!
its totally aazing school for best career and as its located in downtown you have access to alost everywhere and professors are good too.
I absolutely love this school but unfortunately they took the Special Education minor away.
Basketball team is amazing
As a graduate student, I would recommend VCU for any outgoing, socially aware and academically charismatic prospective student. The graduate programs are in transition in many departments (within the social science disciplines) and are expected to gain better instructors and research fellowship and grant opportunities. Come to learn and grow!
VCU is a city school and a good school at that. Remember to stay safe and if you're out late at night have some buddies with you. Oh and it's close to downtown too and I've gone there twice on a walk and bike.
There's room for everyone here. If you're serious about school, you'll find a place that appreciates it, and if you're about the parties, you'll have no trouble finding like minded people. Take advantage of what's offered here. This place is a goldmine of knowledge and opportunity.
VCU is an underrated school. Faculty here are high caliber and often have taught at top-tier schools prior to VCU. Campus is not in the best part of Richmond, but there are always so many students around until at least 10pm that you are safe as long as you keep your wits about. Lots of opportunities as this is a huge university.
Great school with a diverse community.
Awesome! Awesome!! I'm so happy with my decision to attend here!!
Love the place, but GO TO THE BASKETBALL GAMES!! you will get hooked on them the first one you go to, you will need to get there early (like 4 hours early) to avoid the long lines that come 2 hours before the doors open, if you have bad hearing you are fine, but wear earplugs if you don't want to lose yours hahaha, GO RAMS GO!! oh and great school.
I transferred here from Long Island U, and I can easily say I made the BEST choice. The campus is in an urban setting so if you don't like big cities, don't even bother. But otherwise there's so many stores and eateries to go to, along with numerous events on campus. I'd definitely say come here if you can.
It's aight.
Love it. :)
The amount of crime on campus is ridiculous.
Great school but recently it's had high crime in the area. If still recommend it as a commuter student though because the crimes tend to only happen late at night.
As of now I honestly cant really complain. Other than its not the same as New York. I can get anywhere I wanted with public transportation at anytime. The Campus Connector stops running after a certain time :/
Shaffer Hall's food is horrible!
I Love VCU its the heart of Richmond, Virginia
Don't forget that this is a university within a large city... students and university faculty are not the only ones on this campus and traffic isn't the best either.
VCU is an awesome school. Sure the foods questionable at times, and on registration days the internet lags. But this is college, not living the high life. I would recommend it to anyone! Being in the city, there's NEVER a dull day. It's my home!
Really great for pre-med students!
This school is very diverse!
It is unlike any other university. The open campus really takes away from a "college" feel.
For the artist, this is the school you want to be at. The opportunities are endless. I've met countless well-known artists and walked to so many galleries. Wonderful!
This school is in an excellent location for experiencing a diverse learning environment. The faculty is outstanding and helpful every step of the way. I have't met a single student or staff member I haven't liked, and if you are truly investing in your future and attend class and work hard you will succeed without any troubles! Great university!
I don't get all the gripes about shaffer hall's food. Its great, might not be what your mom cooks you but get over it! your in the real world now, try eating military food for a few years and you will appreciate that you have such options for such good prices.
A lot of people hate VCU as a freshman, but once they get used to it, they fall in love. You can find your social group in Richmond - no matter of different, social, unsocial, whatever - you will find people here that you can easily connect to. VCU is only on the rise, so come and live it up!
I LOVE VCU! My favorite part about it is that its one with the city. Nothing to be scared of, just don't be naive and stupid. It's incredibly diverse. There is a place for everyone at this school! It is a party school, so make sure to prioritize! The professors and advisors are great & there is every resource available for you to succeed.
Love VCU! It is a great school, especially if you go for close by off campus housing instead of the dorms. It makes studying and the college experience so much nicer.
A lot of crime, trying to get into classes you need is a pain so you have to beg for overrides. Professors are decent. Very crowded but a good place to go. Live off campus! I love vcu! Go here!
The large lectures can be a downer because you don't get much one-on-one with professors, makes it hard to get recommendations. But you can find some phenomenal professors who absolutely love what they're doing and teaching. If you find them and reach out, you can create some great relationships.
RAMNATION
Great school.
I love VCU and I'm glad I decided to come here. It's such a diverse campus and there's so much to do. It is an open campus though and there seems to be a homeless person on every corner but they don't bother the students. Overall VCU is a good school.
VCU is an AMAZING place. Just because it is in the city does not make it any less of a school. The atmosphere is really good and the people that go here are even better. This campus is so diverse and accepting. I don't think i could've picked a better place to attend!! RAMNATION
Great school and an even better city.
GO RAMS GO!
I am an adult transfer student and while there are an overwhelming majority of "traditional students" at this school I am still completely comfortable and extremely happy with my decision to go to VCU.
If I can, I would do my Master,Ph.D and continue to be a student at VCU. Everything about this school is great. I had the best time of my life,learned a lot and made lots of great friends. I don't regret a single moment at this school! VCU I <3 U!!
It is a festering sea of close minded hypocritical hipster liberals, yet a wonderful university in a wonderful city. Great academics and basketball team that could beat any NBA team on any given day.
Simply amazing. Full of intelligent and creative individuals.
GREAT SCHOOL amazing diversity
Diversity is huge here and definitely embraced. That, along with the creativity and openness of the students at the university, is what drew me here and kept me here. I love my school.
The school of social work at VCU is a horrible program. I would encourage people interested in obtaining a MSW to look else where
Go RAMS!
VCU is the place to be
Awesome school!!!! definitely glad I chose to go here!!!
Great School!
If you like the Urban Campus, but still don't want a huge city, VCU in Richmond is perfect
Fun school with diversity
VCU has great academics, especially for art, and a great campus. Being in Richmond, it is surrounded by the Fine Arts museum, many galleries, and so many local artists embraced by the city.
Diverse
GO RAMS GO
I love VCU
I LOVE VCU!
Campus is the safest place in Richmond. I never worry about my safety. Keep in mind that in ALL cities, you shouldn't walk by yourself at night, but VCU has done an EXCELLENT job of making that possible in Richmond. It is easy for me to see that my tuition is going toward things to make the school better. Respected school.
The campus is nowhere near as bad as people make it seem. The people that day it's really dangerous are the ones who have never been here.
The VCU Pep Band is amazing, especially at basketball games. Going to the games is like a 2 for 1 experience, you get a baskeball game and an amazing concert at the same time.
VCU has been recognized as one of the schools with the hardest classes in the country so you must be ready to attend every class and study very hard.  The classes are not impossible but they can be really tough.
The best decision I ever made was coming to VCU. There are so many activites to do around campus. I am a double major in Financial Planning and Economics and I have nothing but good things to say about VCU except for internet speed
VCU is amazing. A lot of people get scared by the crime rate but it's a city school, so you have to expect it. But the campus itself is super safe, secure, well looked after. The professors are amazing and there's really something for everyone.
I didn’t expect much by transferring to VCU but once I got here I found it worse than my expectations. Facilities are relatively new for most of my classes, but the school is all over the city and the locals are not exactly friendly. Going to VCU does not grant you the “college experience” you get when you go to a school with a real campus.
The best decision I've ever made was to come to VCU!
VCU is an awesome school. If you're looking for a cool, urban atmosphere as well as a good education, VCU is a good choice. The location is awesome, right in the heart of Richmond. There's always something to do and there's always someone to help you out if you need it.
Fun school with great people. Unlike any other school in Virginia. Richmond is a great town - good music venues, restaurants and bars.
Amazing
The dorms are dirty and very poor quality and it's not in a very safe location. Don't go here.
LOVE VCU
Registration is like the Hunger Games.
Best school
I love VCU and I think everyone should go there. No matter what your degree you will make connections in the outside world which gives you so many opportunities to get a job and start your career.
I have loved VCU so far.
VCU is a great school, I just wish they would invest more money in building a bigger library and hiring better cooks.
Just step on campus and you'll feel the positive vibes. Make your life easier and come to Richmond.
If you live in Virginia, then you have the advantage because VCU is rated one of the top art schools in the United States. As we like to say it here, "Richmond is a mini-New York"—perhaps to a degree with the overall city scope and urban culture. Great Basketball team as well. Be ready to riot on Broad Street when March Madness gets into season.
If you're the city type, then this campus may be meant for you. Parking? forget it. Ride your bike, longboard, or walk. Parking spots is next to finding gold. Great basketball team, especially during March Madness. Fantastic art program, competitive at that. A lo of personalities and characters. Choose who you hang out with wisely.
I LOVE VCU. Best school decision ever
This school is not bad, but be prepared to be a self-advocate. Be keen on policies, dining plans, schedules, etc. Teachers are also a very big deal. Pick ones that you can get along with and have at least genuinely nice attitudes. Do not just sign up for classes. Choose wisely, or the professor you get may be extraordinarily difficult.
This is a great urban campus in the center of it all.  Your experience here will be full of unique people, challenging classes, and really great days at the river.
Great
The school is a lot better than it's made it out to be. I only came to VCU over UVA because my of my girlfriend at first, but I've realized that this is exactly where I belong. I love the diversity and that I can be who I want. At UVA, I would probably be trying to fit in with a crowd I do not belong with. I'm very happy with my decision :)
VCU is AMAZING. Diversity, Creativity, and Tolerance. The basketball team and March Madness makes up for not having a football team. If you are afraid of city life, its not for you. Carytown and Downtown are the active social events. The river and museums are for relaxed going out. The professors are very personal for such a large campus. THE BEST.
It's cool I guess
Great school to attend with a bustling city life and a great basketball program.
Richmond has a bad reputation from the past, but it is now an amazing, safe city. I absolutely adore this school, the campus is cool, the people are so welcoming and anyone can find a group of friends and something to do. I don't regret choosing VCU for one second. I've already learned so much, the professors are amazing.
Honestly, VCU has a terrible rep but don't hate on it until you've actually tried it! My older sister went here and I was a bit worried because she was more outgoing than me but after one week I made so many friends that will last a lifetime. The students here are so real and amazing. I do not regret going here over JMU or GMU. I love VCU!
VCU is the place to be for the modern, social, self-driven college student. The people here are friendly, the campus is diverse, and there are plenty of opportunities for fun. Parties, school events, nearby clubs, the list goes on. Plenty of employment opportunities in the Richmond area, no matter your field. The wifi does suck, though.
Research is done lie business, lacks quality and has unusually high negative competition that you learn to not share or discuss science openly. An unfortunate place for science. Not supportive towards students!  Medicine dominates science until science says okay I shut up and you may drive although you don't have the license. Sad!!!!!
The professors are generally accessible to their students and they are effective when it comes to material taught. It's a very casual, fun place to be even when school is out because of its integration in the city, with great restaurants and bars all around it.
The School of Social Work is 11th in the country and it makes the campus of over 30,000 undergrad students feel like 200 people. People remember your name, they genuinely care about your education and they will go out of their way to help you. City life is great and they have made the campus very safe. I love VCU!
Great school, filled with great creative people. Teachers are so dedicated and ensure you get the best education. The city life is great here.
I love this school sooooo much!! :D
Great first year.
VCU rocks.
I love my school! Super diverse so you learn so much even outside of classes. I am glad I chose to come here.
Students get a lot of emails and alerts from the police but honestly, it's not any more than you'd expect in a moderately sized city. Just don't walk around by yourself after dark with headphones in.
Medical school professors from Biochemistry are not very supportive. There is bureaucracy through out. The Biochemistry chief is an unpopular guy. Owing to this reason, many prefer to switch to microbiology or go to massey cancer center. Or even plan to transfer to another grad school. There is a biased environment and a lot of hatred in the school
There is always something to find on campus and the professors all have their own personalities so classes are very easy to go to. I love it.
GO RAMS!!!!!!
love it!
I am so glad I chose VCU
VCU is a really good school for academics and networking with local companies and organizations. The only down side I would say is that you don't need an alarm clock because the construction on every corner will wake you.
VCU has the coolest most down to Earth people ever.  It's dope.
Ivery good gym
If you are a football fan go to a football school. People hype VCU up a lot its not that great. Oh and financial aid sucks
I LOVE VCU!!!!!!!!!!!!
If all you eat is fast food and dominos pizza than you wont notice how subpar the food is.
VCU is the best school ever. I love how intermingled the city is with the campus. Everything is within walking distance! Overall teachers are good. Grading can be tough sometimes depending on your teacher. Overall, best school ever!
Decent school. Chill people. Wish we had wrestling or at least let us make a wrestling club. TERRIBLE FINANCIAL AID OFFICE
Everyone has there own tastes and desires so do not be gullible and take everyones posts to heart. People are generally friendly, minus you occasional sorority girls and fraternity guys. If you want to be accepted socially then yes come here. However, the professors... woah!! A majority of the professors who need serious rating are not listed! :0
One big complaint I see is the food, which is understandable. The cafeteria is about variety, not necessarilly quality (thought it's not terrible). However, you're in RVA! One of the best small-sized cities for great local restaurants. Richmond has changed my life since I've been here. VCU is awesome but it is this city that is really special.
I am so happy I came here.  There is so much to do in downtown Richmond. VCU is a unique school with a diverse student body.
HAVOC!
Great school, lots of diversity and great programs that are continually growing!
Really not a fan, as a whole, of VCU. Hard to make friends, so far very lack-luster professors. Thought I'd prefer somewhere else and attending confirmed that. If you think you wouldn't like going here, definitely DON'T. I honestly can't wait for college to end. In fact, I'm taking summer classes to get out earlier.
Go Rams!!!
VCU is an amazing art school!
VCU is an amazing university with a highly regarded arts program.
luv this school wow
VCU is what you make it. If you are not used to an urban type of life style it will take a lot to get used to. I found it kind of hard to make friends and felt like the tuition was entirely too high. Food could be better, wifi is TERRIBLE, but VCU offers a lot of services. The dorms are also very expensive yet not worth it (as a freshman.)
Wifi sucks
amazing school... very diverse, social and great academics!
great area
Best university ever! Super diverse!
Food: food on campus is alright, there are a good variety of options, some of which are much better than others. Off campus, Richmond has some of the best restaurants and food.
Richmond is the perfect combination of city and rural. There are a million cute restaurants, the campus fits seamlessly into the city, and everything is gorgeous.
Not like any other college campus.
Not enough student housing currently, but there is a great deal of constructionrenovations going around campus!
Richmond is where it's at. VCU could restructure though. each major really needs to get better at communicating with eachother.
I was surprised at the opportunities and diversity of VCU when I first visited. VCU is great, but Richmond is greater. There's tons of restaurants, events, and parks you can enjoy. Don't sleep on VCU, don't ever sleep on VCU.
Great school with so many opportunities.
VCU is what you make of it. The diversity, murals on buildings, and food spots make VCU a hot spot. The professors genuinely want you to progress and the administration is providing the necessities to making VCU a greater university than it already is.
Love it here!
I absolutely adore VCU. The environment on this campus is so welcoming and diverse, it's hard NOT to find somewhere to fit it. There's so many great programs here, plus its in RVA, the best city ever. You'll never be bored.
If you're looking for somewhere to be yourself amongst other people who are unique, VCU is that place.
FOOD WILL MAKE YOU RETHINK LIFE!!!!!! Not a joke people.
seriously if you come to this school do not waste your money on living here. maybe the monroe campus isnt that bad, but they are screwing over all the students that live on the mcv campus. making us park on the other campus with our cars, there is mold in the buildings, the bus to get to the other campus sucks, the food makes you sick.
VCU is great; I love the city. There are soooo many clubs to choose from, and the people here are really nice.
the food is hit and miss. if you eat at the dining court for every meal, you're gonna have a bad time but if you stick to healthy foods while there and branch out, especially eating off campus there's lots of fantastic food within walking distance being in the center of the fan district. internet is fantastic if wired, 13.5GBps backbone.
I love this school and the campus. There is always new food and people to meet. Internet is spotty at times as there are thousands of people using it at once. Though, generally, I have absolutely no problem with it.
I'm probably not the type of person who'd be happiest here. its a good school, no major complaints, but no major compliments either, other than the fact that it's in richmond, and richmond is awesome.
Best School Ever. Hands Down
Lots of class choices, awesome professors,  and overall a pretty nice campus. The main highlight is the city though, Richmond is by far one of the best places I've ever been  to. Also I used the internet mainly back in 2008, it's probably better now.
I just transfered from American University to VCU. I am a upper classmen. Honestly, the value you pay for this school you get way more out of your education. It is what you make of it. VCU deserves a better ranking. A lot of people underestimate VCU because its easier to get into, but once you get in it will challenge you. GO RAMS!!
The most attractive place in campus is the VCU James Cabell Branch Library, but it would be better if there are more spaces and seats to ensure the best study area. The technology is perfect, but I occasionally get a hard time finding available place to sit and study.
VCU is amazing! It's super diverse and no matter who you are, there is a spot for you here! People are friendly, and you're sure to fit in! :)
Compared other Virginia public universities, VCU is a great school.  I really enjoy it here and I am proud that I chose this school.
I love VCU!!!
VCU is  arguably one if not the most upcoming university in the nation. It is a leading school for research and has some amazing programs.  Even though the campus is in the middle of a busy city, it still has a campus feel to it. The student body comes together for basketball games and there is ALWAYS something going on. It's impossible to be bored
I love VCU so much. I'm in the arts school and the quality work I am making is incredible. The campus is really great too, it has a really nice charm to it
VCU is all fine and well for those who aren't undergrads living on MCV. Taking a 30 minute bus ride and waking up an hour before class is very irritating.
VCU is fab.  It's in the heart of Richmond, and there is always so much to do around the school and around the city.  Campus food is meh, but Richmond food is where it is at.  VCU has grown into a first choice and well known school in very little time. Most of the professors are fantastic.
I love VCU and I definitely couldn't imagine myself anywhere else
VCU is perfect. It's integrated with the city of Richmond, yet still has the campus feel. There is always something to do whether it's going downtown, going to the river, checking out the museums, attending festivals, etc. Not only that, but the diversity is amazing--in both the students and academics. I can't imagine a better school.
Best school ever!
VCU is an up and coming University, or at least it tries to be. Wait a few years and it will be worth coming here for anything other than nursing, engineering, business, or art. The bureaucracy that runs the college is monolithic and I have many disagreements with them, however, I have had had many fantastic professors in a wide swath of fields.
VCU is an outstanding university; it has come so far in relatively little time.   I am very confident with my two degrees and two minors I will be graduating with.  I've had many fine professors, and very few terrible ones.  I have felt completely "taken care of" here and a valued part of the VCU community.
Very diverse campus with an expanding greek life and a great city to live in. Historical area on the james river with a goof uptown and downtown bar scene.
Very diverse campus with an expanding greek life and a great city to live in. Historical area on the james river with a good uptown and downtown bar scene.
Not your usual college campus.  We aren't wearing VCU gear 247 but basketball season is all the hype on campus.  The diversity makes campus interesting and comfortable.  Richmond has things to do for every interest-- art, music, nature, sports, history, fashion, etc.  Greek life is small but growing.  Not like every other schools. Two thumbs up!!
