Situated in the heart of the city of Richmond, VCU offers a phenomenal urban campus experience.  VCU is constantly expanding the campus and continues is projection upwards as a premiere research university with VERY HIGH research activity. Also, its arts program is ranked 3rd overall in the country and 1st out of the public schools.
i really like my university
VCU is a great school, I would recommend it to anyone. The city, the food, and the basketball are outstanding. At VCU you will receive a terrific education and have fun while your at it.
Solid campus all around.
I have loved my time at VCU!
Richmond is a beautiful city with tons of activities to do within walking distance. Rarely find myself bored. Campus internet is poo. Library is usually overstuffed. Great opportunities.
Nice school, great people. Having a really good time, but also due to the fact that Richmond is a big city. Lots of things to do and be apart of.
I love this school! It's like a mini city! Perfect all around and I will definitely miss it when I graduate
VCU is a school that accepts pretty much anyone. However, this gives ample opportunity for students who wish to achieve to stand apart from the texting, tweeting robots and set yourself up for a good graduate or professional program after completing a B.S. or B.A. Undergrad research was a great experience. Urban crime on campus definitely an issue.
There is no main campus, most buildings are spread apart. Clubs are exclusive. The library is always packed. Most of the food is terrible; most are run by ghetto employees who half are ex- cons. Gym is great. Most professors are uptight and are terrible. Seen better teachers at a community college. School is  alright. Not worth 20 + grand a year.
The School of Art at VCU is my home, I am so passionately in love, and I couldn't imagine myself anywhere else. It is full of amazing and talented people. The faculty are the best by far!
AMAZING COLLEGE
Amazing school! Would not have gone anywhere else. The gym is perfect, lots of food choices, right in the center of Richmond, and the diversity is amazing.
Home away from home
GO RAMS!! MISS YOU SHAKA
VCU Has lots of opportunities and some really great professors if you take the time to get to know them. Large school that you can get personal with.
Vcu arts is the best!
I transferred to VCU, i have had bad experiences with every single part of the organization
I love it here but god there needs to be more food options.
VCU is awesome. There is so much you can do here. The food isn't that great but other than that, its amazing to be here. A lot of people here are polite and chill. Academics are great!!! Its in south of richmond so crimes are high but its not like u will be shot anytime. Go with friends wherever you go. There are so many cute guys here too. VCUFUN
Not a respected school.
Its in Richmond, so RVA people know what I mean. Pretty down to earth for a city. There is a lot of music (of many kinds) and a LOT of diversity. The arts are a big thing here, but the engineering programs aren't bad at all (unless you go to bio-med, which is necessary for med school. You may spend 5 years here from course conflicts). I say 8.510.
It was like going to school in a foreign country! Way to much diversity made working on group projects extremely difficult.  School of business building was amazing!  Parking is extremely expensive $196 per semester!  School is not commuter friendly
The campus is great for walking and biking. There is a lot of construction going on but overall nice environment to spend time.
Meh, coulda been better.
I love VCU, it has a reputation for being in a bad area but that's because thats how it used to be 10 years ago. The campus is very safe now and other than that its an amazing school with the nicest and friendliest people I've ever met, there's always live music going on or something to do, you'll never get bored.
I love VCU. It's perfect for someone like me.
VCU is not the first school people think of in Virginia and in the past it had a poor reputation because the city of Richmond was very dangerous.  In the last decade the school improved immensely and lifted the city up with it.  With a deep sports, arts, and historical culture VCU blends all people and you will truly appreciate the experience here!
LOVE THIS PLACE!
VCU IS UNDERRATED AND THE BEST SCHOOL EVER
VCU was a great school but the worst financial aid office. They never have time for you even though you see them doing nothing and setting on their computers. Good luck with the financial aid office, you will see some pretty rude people.
You'll get sick of the word "diversity" after a few minutes at VCU but it's honestly true. VCU is an extremely diverse campus, with people from all walks of life coming together. As a business student, I feel like I have more opportunities to expand my life than I know what to do with. Richmond is the best place to go to college, hands down.
VCU has been really great so far. I feel really safe being here because I see cops all over the place protecting the students and when you place a report they respond quickly.
i did not expect to love VCU as much as i do now... i always imaged my self in an SEC school with a big football team and huge greek life. I love the city atmosphere... it is so safe here... i have a class that ends at 10 pm and there are still a lot of people out and i never have trouble walking home... only bad thing here is the share food.
Is the best.
VCU is a popping center for some cool stuff.  From multiple concerts coming through the city, to the growing and already beautiful campus, we pretty much have everything you need. Its lit here too.  Lots of friendly parties and things to do on weekends.  Being in the center of Richmond you have the chance to explore and learn SO much cool stuff.
VCU is awesome if you really like the city atmosphere. It is diverse and I guarantee that there is some club or organization that fits your needs. VCU is known for being a tougher grading school, so by studying or going to the study sessions provided, earning that A is more rewarding than ever!
This school is awesome and has many great opportunities.
Great campus and city with liberal and creative people. Best four years of my life.
Cannot emphasize how good the library is
I love it here it feels like a closed campus but with actually things to do outside the college too.
Love it- please don't make me graduate and be an adult...
There's a lot of hype about this school, but it doesn't hold up to it well.
I only live fifteen minutes from this school but I wouldn't want to go anywhere else
VCU gets a bad rap sometimes.  I think it's mostly by people that have never actually been to VCU.  The freshman housing is kind of crappy, but you aren't required to live in a residence hall during your first year... I wish that I knew that sooner.  A bike is an awesome way to get around Richmond or between the campuses.
Pretty cool school
No further comments.
I love it here ive been to other schools but this is the one!
Nice school, but students are generally apathetic.
VCU is a fantastic school! There are so many opportunities. The only bad thing is some of the food is terrible, but that's not a huge issue. Everything else is great!
Love this school! So many things to do and I've met some of the most genuine people here. Open yourself up, try new things and i can guarantee you that you'll call this place home.
I love VCU and really appreciate the small school feel, yet it being such a large school. The new library expansion is marvelous, and the academic buildings are great as well. I never want to leave!
Richmond is the best
I like vcu for the most part
ok
If you're looking for an urban campus in the Mid Atlantic VCU is hands down the best choice. Solid academics and interesting professors who I found extremely helpful. Being in a city with a large government, legal and fortune 500 presence is great for scoring internships. Lots to do on campus and even more right at your doorstep. Great experience.
VCU is a great campus with a lot of things to do. I mostly just study and spend my time in the library though. The big city is never quiet.
Well I'm a 4th generation to go to this school. So of course I love it!! Fantastic place! Strong academicsense and a very good campus life.
Love this school. It's right in the heart of the city. There's over 500 student organizations and we're the most diverse school in VA.
VCU is a great school for the out going type. It has good professors too!
Pretty dissapointed
such a great school, love it here
City Life!! There's always something to do. Professors are good, you just have to realize that you have to teach yourself all the materials.
Great Campus
VCU is the place where everyone is cool. There is no concrete definition of what someone should be except for a better version of themselves. Get connected with your department; they are willing to help you out with academic options. Make friends because most people are intriguing and even inspiring. Join orgs, and make sure to explore Richmond.
Love VCU! GO RAMS!
not too bad
VCU lures you in with the promise of a sociable campus and great employability post-graduation, whereas in reality it has neither of these. The students here barely care about the academic part of the college, the administration is out of touch with the demands of the working world, and the SGA is a painful bureaucracy. Avoid it if you can.
So happy to be at a place where everyone is so friendly and not judgemental. I genuinely love this school and have only been here for a year. I wish I had transferred sooner so I could spend more time here with these wonderful people! This school is very diverse and I feel that is the best, if not one of the best, things about it.
I love VCU and Richmond!!! Wouldn't want to go anywhere else!!!
I transferred here, and I love it!
I am an VCU arts student and the art school is fantastic and has a wonderful reputation. I honestly don't know all that much about the general school. The classes I have taken outside of the arts were meh.
Richmond is awesome, and if you really take the opportunity to explore the city around VCU your going to have a really awesome four years. The general vibe is kind of hipster, the library is newly renovated and beautiful, and the on campus housing is getting better. I began in the arts school and now study business. The business school is great!
I am a local of Richmond so VCU holds a special place in my heart.
Great school!!!!
T
love it here:)
I love VCU I encourage everyone who goes here to get involved and be apart of something. Whether it be sports, Greek life, or clubs. There are so many different people here I would find it very hard to believe anyone wouldn't fit in with some crowd or another.
The two good things about VCU are the library and the professors (for the most part). Everything is average at best. Internet/Wifi is bad in the dorms. If you're not a pre-health major or part of the arts/music program then there's really no benefits of going here. Average if you're not in an arts/music major or in a pre-health profession.
Its cool here.
As a graduate student at Virginia common wealth University, I entered with the intent to snag my MSW and leave hastily. The University has an amazing reputation within the Richmond area and is rich in culture, diversity and many opportunities. I personally did not like the situation of integration into the downtown area of Richmond.
I LOVE this school so much! For anyone that says this school is boring is a fool. VCU has many amazing opportunities. Read your emails, be out on campus, walk up to that big crowd and see what is happening because sometimes it just might be a dance off! Don't graduate and say you've never been to a basketball game because you might regret it!
Amazing school. Unlike any other college campus. The culture will change you for the better and help you grow as a person. you also get the best of both worlds- natural surroundings like the James River, and then the beautiful city skyline parks.
VCU is definitely not for everyone: it's all based on preference. I, personally, wouldn't pick anywhere else! I LOVE it here. Campus food is gross and freshmen rooming is NOT nice BUT the food and apartments in the city of Richmond are amazing! I recommend bringing a car/living off campus; it's not a typical college campus so it'll be a lot easier
Great school with a great community. The Business school and its professors are great
If you can find a good department and good professors, VCU is great. However, there are a lot of people who don't seem to care about their jobs and some of the advisors can be pretty awful
Despite the issues with administration and advising (admins are disconnected from the concerns of the students and faculty, and advisers are unhelpful), the school itself is pretty good. Professors in the School of the Arts specifically are dedicated to their jobs and are invested in their student's success, while also being practicing artists.
If you love the city and being surrounded by networking opportunities and diversity, then you will love VCU. Also the new library is super nice.
Their administration doesn't care for their students. Both years I attended they had serious complications with my financial aid and miscalculations- causing me to come home. One of my professors told me how they are going to lose their accreditation because of poor retention rates. If you're not an art or athlete they don't care about you.
I'm a transfer student and the process was very easy through VCU. My department (Mass Comm & Business) have amazing advisors and so many opportunities! Since I'm a transfer student, I've only lived off campus & eaten off campus food. AWESOME CITY FOOD. VCU is a part of the real world, it's not hidden. You'll feel ready to face it once you graduate!
N/A.
The school is in a great location and there's tons of different people to interact with. The professors are extremely understanding
LOVE IT
Overpriced. Expensive books. Library and food meh. Campus spread out downtown. Be ready to walk. Buses terrible. School best for arts, medical majors. Parking horrible pass expensive ticket hungry. Terrible advisers. Not diverse, cliques. High crime area. Good nightlife but be safe, students frequently robbed. Conservative high cost city.
Virginia Commonwealth University, is a beautiful and vibrant campus.  The library is newly renovated and is the gem of the campus.  The professors are very knowledgeable, and always willing to assist you in your efforts.  This is a great school to learn your craft and improve yourself!
VCU is a decent school very different from NYC where I got my undergrad degree. Location is not the best. Food is very limited to students who do not have a vehicle. Veteran club was not helpful at all. Career services was not very helpful. Applied to many positions in their website and took a semester to get a high school paying job.
VCU is great school, there are tons of opportunities through the school itself and surrounding companies! You just have to take advantage of it. The internet is pretty bad and the campus food kind of sucks, but the city of Richmond more than makes up for that. As long as you put yourself out there & take advantage of what VCU has you'll be set!!
I could not imagine going anywhere else
Nice school if you're about that city life.  Diversity is the key.I'm not joking there are all walks of life here. Coming from a suburbs high school I had never seen such a small group of preps. the fashion is inspiring. nobody judges you on what you wear or  do.  the president is cool and professors lack diversity but vcu pledge to change that
Love it here! Despite being in the middle of Richmond, this campus is really safe. The students here are great as are most of the professors. Go rams!
good
Spent a lot of money on 3 buildings, but the rest are VERY under-appreciated. The urban setting has the obvious pros and cons. There's a lot to do, but there are reports of violence every other day.  The library is huge, and the front of it is very modern. They back of the library is outdated and needs improving.
This is really diverse but it becomes so sketchy by night just because it's in Richmond. Fiesty college kids and homeless individuals do not mix.
I love my school, but it's got its flaws. You definitely have to put in the work to make your own place in Richmond. The city won't stop moving for you to catch up. But once you get in the swing of things it's so beautiful to be here.
Campus is located in the worst part of Richmond; venture west or east a 1/2 mile or so from campus and things start approaching bearable.   A meal plan here is a huge waste of money.  !! The academic faculty is definitely what makes this school worth attending.  Unless you're over 21, there is nothing to do after sundown/in the late evening.
Besides the art school--other majors are stuck with teeny desks and chairs too close to eachother, students PACKED like sardines in 300 student classes, never getting the chance to ask a question which is scary for a chemistry major. VCU could be less greedy and nonsensical with their budgeting. Invest in more & better teachers.
VCU is what you make of it. If you really use all of your available resources and such, it's amazing.
Try to keep in mind that VCU is in the heart of Richmond, and the lines between the city and the campus are a little blurry, if there at all. Safety is only an issue if you're careless. It's a city, a small one at that, so keep your wits about you. By the way, the opportunities here are AMAZING. I had research work in the same month that I got here
VCU is nice but the professors are very tough graders. not too hard to get into but you will be graded very hard. Harder than WVU about equal to tech fr fr
VCU gets a bad rap because it's in Richmond but the vcu police make you feel very safe and never scared. Never ever miss a basketball game. They hand out free stuff right and left. Also welcome week go to every event. You will rack up on the tshirts for free.
Richmond is an awesome city. There's lots of stuff within walking distance of campus and everything you can imagine within reasonable driving distance. The students are all pretty grounded and down to earth. The teachers are mostly professionals in their fields and not just career teachers.
All in all, a great school.
VCU is great. The professors are incredibly intelligent and great at their jobs. Richmond is an amazing city. Their are lots of research opportunities and opportunities to get involved.
Great school
Great University. Distinguished medical center. Great pharmacy, dentistry, and nursing  schools. Campus and the University are always changing in a good way.
I am not happy here. People here can be really rude and stick with their own people. I thought that people would be really nice and I would come to love the student body. I am from a small southern town where people are really nice so it was a shock to see people being rude blatantly towards me.
Top Public Art School 2016!
Biomedical Engineering program needs improvement and is hard, but definitely worth it if you can handle it. Opportunities are available if you take advantage of them. Make sure to befriend good teachers. Work hard and keep your head up.
Huge disappointment and waste of money
The school is renowned for many fields, but if you're a student of a certain major that hasn't made the school a household name, then you won't see much funding or opportunity. The school accepted way too many students my year which made the "guaranteed" housing limited. This also put a strain on advisors so they can't really help you much. 6/10.
If you're major isn't one of the majors that have their own buildings at VCU you are kind of jammed together with the other majors and not given as high of quality of learning as one of the majors with their own buildings with their own resources.
VCU is an AMAZING school that is so diverse and welcoming! Not only do we have all types of students, our professors are also very accepting of everyone too. The facilities we have are awesome and I would never be happier anywhere else!
i just finished my first semester here as a transfer from a 2 year school. nice library nice gym. as a biology major there are tons of opportunities. i got lucky with an amazing adviser. the learning center is iffy sometimes but i'm pretty happy. classes are pretty tough just as i expected and the food around the campus is great.
This school is really what you make of it. So many activities/concerts happen in Richmond, always things to do! Underclassman on-campus housing was great, upperclassmen usually go for off campus apartments. Police have a great presence on campus, I've never felt unsafe (in  city!). The only thing VCU needs to completely revamp is their DINING.
Gets a lower rep than it deserves.
Classes are hard!!!!!! Do not think that because this is VCU or this is an "art school" or whatever that is is easy! Sciences/nursing/pre-med especially are pretty difficult but you learn a lot. Be prepared to not slack and if you do be prepared to take L's.  Richmond overall is pretty safe and the police are chill too. Lots of parties every night
I love everything about RVA, including the Temple Run sidewalks!
I miss VCU, I left simply because I was too far from home. A lot of the students were from Virginia therefore knew other students/went home a lot. It was hard for me to find a friend group but I've met amazing people who I'm still connected with. Cary Street Gym is the nicest gym I've ever seen. Food is good too :-)
It is a great school. On and near the campus are very safe. The professors here are great.
VCU Police are amazing and really work towards keeping the students safe even when the school is in the middle of a city. Very diverse school with professors that actually care. Sports teams are pretty good and tons of nightlife.
I'm a transfer student Sophomore and I fell in love with this school. I was under the assumption I was too timid to live in the city, but this place feels more like home than anything else. I will say, they don't handle transfers very well as I was thrown between advisers. Be prepared to have an upward battle securing your already-done credits.
I love going to VCU. Their programs are among the top in the country.   Any kind of food you want, it's here. The campus is pretty safe and the campus police as super supportive of our LGBTQIA community - which is awesome.   There's really fast wifi anywhere on campus. The library is so nice. Each floor you go up, the quieter it gets.  GO RAMS!
VCU is a great institution. I rated that it's reputation is only okay because it does not get the respect that it deserves. Hopefully in time VCU will become well known in a really good way. I know as an out of state student, a lot of people back home have never heard of VCU and that shouldn't be.
happy and proud of VCU
Great commuter school
:-)
It's p chill
Increase criminal justice courses
Love the urban campus and the diversity of the school. I've made so many friends with people of all sorts of backgrounds and interests.
It's the gentrified version of old Richmond, VA.
Greek life is very different here than from other universities and I would highly recommend it
People want to know about safety: as long as you don't do anything dumb, like walking around by yourself, OFF campus, with your nose in your phone, at 3am, you'll be fine 99% of the time. Campus police are constantly making rounds by day and all throughout the night. Even off campus, if you're with a group, you'll be totally fine.
This is the most energetic college in Virginia! The merge between city and campus life means plenty of things to do and people to meet!
The campus is right in the center of Richmond. There are things you can get to via Cary and Main Street and then there is always something going on in the Compass or the Commons.
It was pretty great a couple years ago, but you can really tell that the administration is getting bloated and doesn't care about much beyond appeasing Freshmen and their parents.  Their food is provided by Aramark, one of the worst providers in the nation- Schafer  in particular regularly gives people food poisoning.
Love the environment, love the area, love the school!
I was a transfer student and VCU made it very easy to transition from community college to a university.
Be active in activities, billions of food places to choose from, great night life, just be aware of what part of Richmond you're in.
I love this school to death.
Go Rams... I love it!
When it comes to college VCU could be better but it could definitely be worse. My favorite thing would have to be the diversity and welcoming atmosphere. Food options aren't the greatest and because it's in the city you always must be cautious and alert.
the art program is great and i love it but theres a lot of homeless people and crime
VCU's campus is extremely safe, just don't venture off-campus. I do not fit in here, as I grew up in a small, southern town. They say they are diverse and support all ideas, until yours don't align with theirs. However, it is extremely clean, and the facilities are very nice. VCU Police do an excellent job securing the campus. Great food off-campus
VCU is a great place! So many things to do and see. Their are tons of opportunities for students as well and your education will be top notch. As far as crime, as long as you use common sense then you shouldn't find yourself in a bad situation. VCU police are always out patrolling to make sure the area is safe for students. Loved this school
Although Richmond may get a bad rep, VCU is safe and in the heart of an amazing city. The city has so much culture and liveliness that I could not think of anywhere else to spend my four years! We have every kind of person you could think of, and I think that is the true meaning of diversity.
The food is terrible in the dinning halls but there are a lot of places that take swipes in the commons area and around campus. Safety could really use some improvement i have taken night classes and walking to my car at night is a little intimidating and there is no cameras in the decks so if you commute be careful where you park my car was hit!
Good school. Be smart where you go at night. Most of the facilities are very nice and updated. Tons of clubs and orgs to join. Beautiful campus if you like the city.
It is a nice campus. I met a few great people in my classes. I didn't like the city life, but I commute. VCU is challenging, work hard.
VCU is what dreams are made of
Such a great city and it's amazing how the school is integrated into the city.  For being in the heart of Richmond, VCU has actually made the campus a lot safer and more open.  Great school overall, would highly recommend going here.
It's alright place. I wouldn't buy food in campus; I suggest buy food at a local market (Ex: there's an Asian market about 20 min. from campus that have good food for a good price). I live outside of campus than near due to safety concerns. I got 7 or 8 emails in 1 semester from police (violence, robbery, etc.) Do at your own risk to live near.
The great thing about VCU is the location. Right in the middle of RVA, you won't be confined to campus life. That means, you can explore interesting internships and start networking with professionals while still in school. There's always something cool to do in town. VCU food sucks, but there is a kroger nearby and awesome restaurants everywhere
Great university, great city!
I think the safety of the campus should be the most highlighted factor. As a woman who takes mainly afternoon-late evening classes, I'm often walking alone on campus at night but I never feel unsafe. From what friends have told me of their college experiences and how frequent assaults happen and the school does nothing, I'm glad to be at VCU
I chose VCU over several other state schools mainly because the urban campus really appealed to me. The cool thing about VCU is there is something for everyone and there are tons of clubs, groups, fraternities, pretty much anything you could want. Richmond is a greatcity and perhaps most importantly, I got a job in the city 2 weeks after graduating
VCU is a great school that offers many resources. Richmond is an amazing city, so if you like cities the area is great. Sometimes it's a bit sketchy but that comes with being in a city. I am very happy here. As far as food Shafer is a bit iffy but there are many great restaurants around that trade swipes for meals. Overall it is wonderful! Go Rams!
VCU is an amazing place to go to college.
VCU is a great urban public school! Everyone is super nice, and I feel welcomed most of the time by other students. Make yourself busy and get involved on campus and you'll have a much better time here. Go Rams!!
VCU is a great school to go to. The food is not terrible, we have great advisors, and the atmosphere is amazing. There is so much to do here. The only complaint, thus far would be some of the professors. A great deal of professors cannot teach at all which makes the class that much more stressful so if you can, pick your professors wisely.
Richmond is an amazing town, and this urban campus on the river has any activity you can want. But be smart - don't wander around in the middle of the night.
VCU is a great urban research university. The school is in the middle of Richmond which allows for a very unique experience and there is always something to do. VCU is very much integrated into the City of Richmond, so the campus lines seem to blur. Safety is not really an issue as long as you use common sense, but walk in groups at night.
Awesome school for those who love city life. Fantastic library, even for those who don't study - it has great Wi-fi (about the only place on campus that does) and there's always places to sit and hang out. Food scene is good - VCU dining hall food is mediocre at best, but there's a million restaurants and food joints and nearly all accept RAMBUCKS.
One of the most diverse campuses but the city can be unsafe at night. The food is fine but it gets repetitive. There are plenty of opportunities to join clubs or LLCs.
The Art School is amazing. Cannot say much else for the rest of the school. If you're big into greek life do not come here.
VCU is awesome. I have had the best 4 years here, and am in love with Richmond! VCU is growing more and more respected, and there are a ton of opportunities in Richmond as well as through the VCU community. A great school!
Despite the lack of clubs or crazy parties, VCU really is great. The location is perfect, and includes so many opportunities.
The diversity is the best part, there is something for literally everyone.
VCU is a great school! Being in the middle of Richmond leaves you open to so many opportunities, and all of the stuff and students are very supportive of you. There are plenty of things to become involved in, whether you want to participate in an internship, clubs, or Greek life, there is more than enough to fill your calendar. Best decision ever.
An ok school with opportunity if you make it. The name in the community is average. Not a lot of school
Shady area but incredible social scene.
It's what you make of it. Every can find their niche here, and if there isn't a club you want you can start one. Also, the Honors College is a great way to surround yourself with highly-motivated people if you want a more challenging academic experience. So many non-profits, government agencies, and businesses to get your foot in the door.
Virginia Commonwealth University has the #1 public art program in the country.
The best school in VA if you're pre-health (esp. pre-med) simply bc of the resources & staff experience. Really tough science programs but they weed out ppl who arent serious. Competitive environment but the urban setting & hospitals make gaining clinical experience/volunteer hours extremely enjoyable and accessible.
The buildings are pretty nice but there's a lot of gun violence in Richmond. Students get mugged, jumped, and robbed at gunpoint all the time. I'm afraid to walk around alone at night or go anywhere off campus.
VCU has been the best thing to happen to me, coming from a tiny private school with no diversity. As a pre-med student you have so much support & resources, and most of the STEM teachers are awesome, just pick wisely. Greek life isnt everything but at the same time its pretty prevalent & has made my first semester so fun. VCU is underrated!!
I cannot believe I am graduating next year.... it seems like just yesterday was my orientation. I loved it here so much and I will definitely miss it
VCU is one of those places you have to learn to love. The food offered on campus is crummy but fortunately for students Richmond is full of awesome restraints. One of the biggest problems at VCU is the homeless people basically over run campus but you learn how to avoid them. Campus security could really up their game by adding securjth Cameras.
The best school in the state of Virginia. The atmosphere, once you get on campus, is fantastic. People are nice. Professors are understanding. Location is great you get the campus feel in the city! hundreds of different restaurants to try and plenty of activities on the James River! The city shuts down at around 12-2, which is late enough for me.
