The campus is in such a great location. It is the number one art school and it really lives up to that for me!
VCU is a good school, lots of opportunities, the food is alright sometimes, I feel safe even though it is in the city, there is some crime but you just have to be more aware of your surroundings; however, the VCU police are always on top of things and VCU sends you alerts if there is any threat to the campus. Overall, it is a pretty decent college.
Most people outside VA never heard of it. Being in the heart of a big city is lively. Has campuses and programs all over the world. Has opportunities for 'all walks of life.' Some facilities are old, others are brand new. Internet can give problems. On campus is mostly fast food, local food is great. Not super safe, but the VCU police are great.
VCU's a good school. On campus dining facilities and internet suck, but it's very nice otherwise.
College -- in general, is what you make of it. If you see only the negative, college will not be fun for you. VCU has been extraordinary. I have met so many amazing people with varying backgrounds. I learn new things every day. VCUPD are awesome. Don't eat at Shaefer lol
Despite it being in a city, I feel super safe here. The food is okay, not the best but it's manageable. The location is amazing, and there is a lot to do all the time. It's an amazing school where anyone can find a place to fit in. It's really become home for me.
VCU is great, stay with your friends at night though.
God I love this school. So diverse and beautiful. Amazing staff and students. In the center of richmond there is always something to do or see. I love it.
Loved my time at VCU. Richmond is a big little city but it's very enjoyable and I overall had an amazing time at VCU
I was so excited to come here and I've been nothing but disappointed. There's no vegetarian options unless you want the lettuce and yogurt that sits out all day at Croutons and Shafer. Every professor I've had has been uninspiring and rude. There are only opportunities for people who have $$$$$$ to throw away.
Best four years
Great school! Very solid all around. We might not be the best but we are very good at pretty much everything.
I love it here!
The campus is pretty safe, the food sucks in the dining hall. Don't get a food plan, it's not worth it. The location is good, and there's lots of places to eat away from campus that are close by. The library is pretty awesome, and the campus wide wifi rocks.
The school is great and the people here are usually really interesting to be around. The dining hall is not the best, but there are many other places where the meal plan can be used. Make sure to look up the swipe times for the places that aren't the dining hall.
vcu is expanding their facilities all the time. theres constantly construction on new academic halls and dorms. i think in a few years it'll be an AMAZING school but its still in its building phase in regards to competing with other universities
VCU is a great place to come to school, although I am only a freshman, there is alot here that I have not even experienced yet. There is alot to do if you try to get involved. The food is okay. I know we have more choices than other campuses. Even though we are in the city, I feel very safe on this campus.
Fun.
I absolutely love it here, best decision I've ever made. Almost all of the professors I've had are amazing. I love Richmond and I love that there's more going on than just VCU. Even the people who go here are super nice and easy to talk to.
I like being in the city, but it's a different college experience than someone would get like at JMU or Tech.
VCU has an urban campus which means its open to all types of opportunities. Has the top Nurse Anesthesia program in the country and so many other amazing programs. If you know how to network & you can do amazing. Also, food is ok themed nights at Shafer have the best food & Canes hits always
I love this school. It is so diverse and you will always find a place to fit in.
Great school!!
On-campus food is mediocre, especially if you're limited by swipes. But if you make it past freshman year, downtown food is delicious. Library is great and offers lots of variety for study spaces. Also, lots of people in Richmond, so if you can't find a social scene, then you're avoiding them. During my time, I have worked at 2 paid labs. Love VCU
I love VCU's campus environment, honestly the best part of the school.
Love it here! Lots of amazing opportunities both academically and socially. I have never felt unsafe, but since VCU is an urban campus, you do have to be aware of your surroundings.
Academics are good, the urban campus is awesome, and they are putting a ton of money back into the school. I transferred here and I love it.
How about invest in some sound-proof housing? Ive been listening to the alarm of the guy in the dorm above me every morning for the past 2 months. Fabulous. But no, go on and spend millions for another art building. Other than the obsessive noise due to VCU dorms lack of caring for students, I love VCU. Great school, not so great dorms.
Turned down William and Mary and UVA to come here and never looked back! VCU has the diverse campus I was looking for, and the location means that I've never been closer to everything I need. Richmond is such a charming city and VCU has such wonderful faculty! No regrets.
I'm in the art school so I assume the scene is very different than many of the academics. The art scene is AMAZING, first Friday's should not be missed and everyone works hard and has a good time.
i hated VCU. transferring ASAP
Theres nowhere else Id rather be
Vcu is cool.
Average overall. Only a handful of classes stimulated my intellect. The rest were just vacuous courses taught by haughty professors who were just bullies.
I'm a Senior now and all I have to say is, I'm glad i came to VCU. The professors are great. The location is perfect because of the many opportunities to go off campus and explore the city so you don't get bored. There are many opportunities for a great internship. The diversity here is amazing. People come from different parts of the world.
VCU is an up and coming urban university. It is plagued by poverty from the city of Richmond. If you grew up in a sheltered household, this is not the place for you. If you are triggered by random homeless people giving you cat calls this is not the place for you. Have to have some spine for this city, but the grundginess is all part of the charm.
Good connections can be made here but getting any help with anything is awful. Financial aid and advisers are very unhelpful and the cost of attendance is not worth it.
I LOVE VCU AND ITS PROFESSORS EVRYOne IS SO SO NICE
I hated VCU, I was a freshman there for one semester and I transferred. Worst experience of my life, they do not care about their students at all. New GRC building has so many issues also
VCU is a really great place. The campus is full of cool buildings and it is very easy to navigate. There are only a few good food options in my opinion though. The people are friendly and I don't feel unwelcome here. I have had pretty good professors so far. The Wilder School of Govt and Public Service has many amazing opportunities for students.
.Know what you want to major in as a freshman. If youre shy dont come here unless youre with a friend. Please know that youre spending a lot of money, you might as well do community college for freshman year. VCU is better for upperclassmen. College is stressful and vcu doesnt make it much better.
VCU is what you make of it. It offers great opportunities for those willing to work for it.
VCU is what you make of it. It has great opportunities for those willing to work for it.
People stick to their friends and don't venture to make new ones. Making friends has been extremely tough and when you do meet one they never want to do anything outside of school. Not much to do in Richmond, definitely not like New York. Bland city at best. Lots of clubs to make acquaintances but not real friends. Lots of crime. Food is good.
I LOVE Richmond, but as a native I am a lil biased. Being in a city, bad stuff happens, but you also have to be pretty stupid to get into the crap that some people around here get into. Awesome inclusive vibes, buuut sometimes a little too PC for me. Personally can't stand the NOVA kids, but they keep mostly to themselves being rich and all.
Love this school, but it does have some pitfalls.
Richmond is just a nice place for a school
Love my scool
Love it here
Unlike most colleges, VCU gives out many merit scholarships. Honors college is amazing. Plenty of research opportunities and a gem for premed students needing experience (VCU has their own medical campus with VCU-affiliated hospitals, etc). Was originally hesitant over safety but it's not an issue AT ALL, students walk around at night all the time!
I love how you can never be bored at VCU. There is always something to do. Also even if on campus dining is mediocre, there are plenty of good places off campus that are really good. The people are really nice. I love it here!
Go Rams!!!!
I love my rams!
An amazing school filled with love and laughter
VCU has its fair share of advantages and disadvantages. Advantages: urban, hella diverse, academically not hard, inexpensive, scenic/artsy, close to downtown and other must-see destinations. Disadvantages: sketchy at night, crime and homeless rates are high, noisy.
If you're not from Richmond, it will definitely take time to get used to the location. The overall student mass is extremely diverse; you get all kinds of people here. It's a nice school if you want to be in an urban setting but not pay an ungodly amount. Crime rates however defeat the rep of this school, but it's the city. Academically sufficient.
I love VCU!!! There is always something to do! They give out sooo much free stuff. I got over 50 T-shirts my 1st year. The location is great because there is so much you can walk to or take the bus for free such as shopping, the river, parks, museums, etc. All my classes were challeging, but not brutal. I got fairly involved with extracurriculars.
People don't give VCU the respect it deserves. It's so much fun here, honestly. I wanted to go to NYU and was devastated when I couldn't go, I thought it was lame to go to a state school but VCU is so much more. Everyone who visits a friend here always wishes they came here
I love it here
Good school
Grimy in a charming way. Charming in a grimy way. I love it here.
VCU is OK. Most of the buildings are fairly old. The library has it's nice parts and it's ugly parts, but it works. The food on campus sucks, nothing tastes good. The actual campus feels safe but on the edge of campus which you will encounter at some point feels dangerous. Always walk around with friends and pepper spray! Social life is great!
VCU is cool
if you voted a 3 or lower on food you're probably a freshman. VCU has great places to eat on and off campus. If you're going to the dining hall every meal, you don't love yourself
- Diverse campus - Plenty of social opportunities, just be on the look out (clubs, active social platforms, etc) - Be wary of religious creeps - don't let this scare you, just don't give them your money - Don't bother w/ the Shafer Meal Plan: buy groceries & go to restaurants - Live in an apartment building - Tuition covers bus transportation: GRTC
Lots of food locations around.
A special place. Located in one of the best-proportioned capital cities in the country, one can walk from art class, to a museum, to a house party in 45 min. Small town vibe in a southern city. I imagine the future holds important things for this university.
VCU is a great place the people are nice and it is an extremely diverse community however watch out for the food.
Lot's of opportunities with plenty of resources available.
Theres so much to do near VCU: food, the River, bar hopping in Shockoe, The VMFA, house parties, first fridays, and lots of art and diversity. The area is safe... People saying otherwise are Northern VA people who are used to being sheltered, just use your city smarts and youll be fine, the actual bad areas of Richmond are way further east/south.
luv it here
Parking sucks, but the school is worth it. Great education.
Great school if you wanna learn and study. Social life can be a little lacking compared to other schools but I mean you're paying for college so parties aren't a big priority. Just be safe at night, the campus itself is safe but sometimes if you live around campus, you gotta stay alert.
never really felt like I belonged anywhere until i came to VCU. Everyone here is super nice, students and staff. but i would go easy on the food, not the best.
Yeah I love this place. So glad I transferred.
Proud to be a RAM.
Decent school. Go to a better one if you can, but you'll have a pretty good time here.
I love VCU because I LOVE Richmond. There are SO many opportunities here and endless amount of people. The only thing I don't like is it is very hard to make friends if you are not in greek life, that sucks a lot.
Good school, Respected programs.
The campus is nice and since it is in the city there is a lot of things to do here! There is good food choices around campus !
If you are picking between VCU and another VA school - pick VCU! No one here dislikes it and the campus and environment is AMAZING! Few minutes from downtown Richmond, free access to Richmond's buses, and very lively campus and social life make this one of the best VA schools! Might feel odd at first but after a week or two, you'll LOVE it here!
Everyone knows VCU to be the heart of Richmond. Being in the city, it can be sketch at times but overall a place that can bring you a great social environment. If you can avoid a dining plan and just buy groceries, I would recommend this; there are rats in the dining facilities and they dont care. However, there is always something to do on campus
chose VCU over UVA and W&M - best choice made! you can really shine here and be exposed to lots of different opportunities and grow! crime can be sketch (police can be lame) but faculty/staff really want to help you achieve your dreams (only one bad professor who was a complete jerk but all other professors have been fabulous!!)
Its fine
VCU has a reputation for being a safety school but the reality is it is a really good school. I absolutely love this school. Living in the city is amazing, I've joined a volleyball team for fun, and the professors that I have had are great.
Picked VCU over UVA and JMU in the spring of 2017....a few months from now I'll be graduating and I can't be more grateful that I picked this school. No one here hates it, some professors may be bad but the overall experience at this school is incredible. If you're unsure about coming here, take my word and choose VCU, you'll have a good time.
Its not bad. It has some really good teachers and some that just honestly dont care about the students at all
