Not accommodating to restrictions
Overrated but not as bad as some people say.
I love a lot of things about VCU but they REALLY need to update some of their buildings (Johnson dorm, Oliver, Harris, etc). Most teachers Ive had have been really great and passionate about what they teach. Some more food options would be good too.
As a freshman obviously social is different this year. For food, AVO is the best if you try to eat healthy/have food restrictions. Happiness really depends on the friends you make not VCU as a school. Don't be so afraid of rejection that you never leave your room. Join something. Theatre dept is kind and supportive so far, audition for everything.
Love it fr
Almost impossible to take classes outside of your major, most classes are restricted for no reason. Meal plans are overpriced, not inclusive, with horrible hours. Most clubs are either Christian or sports-based, and all social events seem to take place during the middle of the day or a Friday night. City is infested with cops.
VCU is okay, just was not my scene. I'm not a city person and mainly chose this school because it was close to home. Professors were great to me , but there was some political bias. Also, social justice activism, COVID, and the riots from summer of 2020 just made me want to graduate from school as quickly as possible. Senior year felt taken away.
LOTS of crime on campus, campus food sucks, and professors grade unnecessarily hard. Get used to all nighters and homeless people on every block. VERY liberal school so keep any opinions to yourself. Art buildings are literally falling apart, but the engineering programs just got two new buildings. The library an gym are the only good parts at VCU
VCU is nice
Very cute! Tons of things to do and so many great places to eat/bar hop. There are also lots of opportunities available for academic and non-academic help around campus. The only thing that really sucks is parking. As a young female, I have rarely felt unsafe walking around campus, even at night. Overall I have had a pretty good experience here :)
The online programs are over rated. They tried to make them more difficult than on campus classes. Take classes on campus if you can. A LOT of adjunct professors, horrible graders. The name use to hold weight, but now when mentioned many people claim the school is over rated and can get the same education at other schools with less hassle. I agree!
Transferred from JMU and I love the city and it feels like there's so much more going on. Everything is walking distance, common areas are always bustling. Greek life is not a big deal, but clubs and student orgs are great. Great diversity, super welcoming. Professors are almost always helpful, jobs are easy to find, school workload is perfect.
soooo bad literally sucks i regret
Safety is a joke, but they have good internet service.
VCU has provided me a great experience. Regardless of what people say about faculty, you get exactly what you put into it. Lots of lovely people with lots of good restaurants around. Incoming freshman: make sure you know how to cook, because the majority of campus foods are lacking in any legitimate nutrition. It's a university with drawbacks :)
I love this campus and school!
I like the way the professors teach. It resonates with Richmond scene. Cost is higher but there are more programs for students. Can't comment on the food. If you like the city vibe but can't go to NYU, this is the school. People are very friendly and you'll make friends. The drawback is the lack of opportunities I personally received.
Decent school, but if you don't make friends your freshmen year don't expect to find any after. Clubs are essentially wiped every 4 years unless they are massive. Food is all fast food.
I love rva! VCU's food could be better, but other than that, it's nice here.
It's a fair school, I like the location because I like cities, but parking can be hard unless you buy passes for the garages.
Buildings are old and the wifi would go down a few times throughout the year. The library is great though with a lot of space and resources. There's a lot of car thefts in the area so you have to be smart about locking your car and hiding your things to prevent break-ins. Overall it's a decent school with good classes and professors.
love Richmond and it has a lot of character but just be mindful that you are in a city and you need to take extra precautions to be safe. food at vcu definitely could be better and a few of the buildings need to be updated. otherwise really enjoyed my time at vcu!
VCU is nice especially if you're STEM or an Art major. There's so many opportunities and things to do in the city. YOu just have to be a little careful at times.
I really love VCU and have a lot of fun here. My advice is to find the beauty in the campus and not the city. We are unlike most universities where we are in the middle of a major city so you have to thing of how pretty it is here in a different way than others.
Love the professors and the dorms are nice. It's hard to feel valued in a school of this size but I appreciate the surveys they give (don't know if they actually listen to them). Do a good job with safety. A lot of things to do and eat. Dining plan could improve. School itself seems money driven but all colleges are. I'm glad I'm here.
Off-campus housing is a lot better.
Great place to be if you enjoy immersing yourself in city life. Lots of activities on campus as well as in the nearby areas.
Campus is in the middle of the CITY CITY. Not a lot of natural space around. Having a car is a PAIN: constantly towed, constant parking tickets, extremely limited parking. Campus is very spread out and not centralized. Sharing of events/opportunities is lacking. Staff is very dedicated and lots of internships around the area. Great spot for foodies
Not the best university in Virginia but the people here are here for a reason. Very diverse and inclusive, with plenty of things to do and plenty of places to go to. I can't imagine myself going anywhere else. The campus is nice, the food is okay (the off-campus meal plan is better), and the location is great. Touring is best on a nice sunny day.
Campus is nice and very open in the heart of Richmond. Not a fan of the community on campus though, and the administration here sucks.
I like it a lot--I live off campus and walk most places. Fan district is a good place to live as a student. Haven't engaged with the community a whole bunch but I'll contribute that to COVID. Enjoyed all of my professors and classes so far. Richmond is a great city to live in.
