Alvernia is an amazing school!  I transferred here from a school in the top 50 and don't regret it at all.  I really wish we could get a better reputation because Alvernia offers great educational opportunities and has very experienced and fair professors.  Also, the campus is full of friendly faces and Reading is beautiful!
worst school.
I'm planning on transferring.
I am extremely happy that I chose to go to Alvernia. The education is great and there are a lot of resources to help you with academics. The campus is gorgeous and nice although it is so close to Reading. I think that anyone looking for a small school should consider Alvernia because I did and I couldn't be happier if I chose another school.
Great School
I love Alvernia!  The campus is very nice but it is the people on the campus that makes it.  The offices (other than finacial aid) are extremely helpful and caring people.  There is a lot of potential if you try. They need to eliminate Aladdin so other food services can come onto the campus.
I am an Occupational Therapy student and I have been very happy with my experience here at Alvernia.  The professors are great and the campus is beautiful!
Great place to get my education
More preachers than teachers.  No experience from a business stand point, misguiding, misleading, poor business staff
Good school happy to be here
The people on the campus are really friendly! The wifi does not work well in certain areas and is really bad in Francis Hall.
Great school, so happy to have attended!
Small but you have to be willing to make the best of it and get involved and reach out.
This is a great and respectful school.  The Professors are all quality Professors.  Education is an important thing and the professors are well aware of it.
Good education, large number of commuter students
beautiful campus with great teachers that truly care about the students future
I think students should know that this college is an excellent choice to pick.
Alvernia is a good college.  There are things to do on campus.  IT is a beautiful campus with some great professors.  My only complaint is that lot of the students are commuters and many go home on the weekends making it a suitcase campus.
Great Faculty
Many people go home on the weekend.  parking is a nightmare.  It is like high school atmosphere.  Many classes are at an high school level. If you want to get a masters degree don't go here.  It is not competitive.
A lot of people go home over the weekend.  Not much to do here and in the area.  My science classes have been really easy so far a lot like high school.   The library is really nice though the first floor is loud.  Resources are good and everything you can copy is FREE. Professors are nice but really easy.
It's an okay school, food sucks so does the wifi. Not worth 40k
This school has a lot of potential
The library and the grounds are really nice.  The food is okay. Not a lot to do around the area.  Parking is not good at all.  Classes  are easy for the most part and really not challenging.   a few clubs and some activities weekly.  I would say just okay.
It smells late at night because of a near by sewage plant
This school is a complete joke. The professors are horrible and have no clue what they're talking about.
The campus is very pretty and very well up-kept. There is a catch regarding the campus as a whole that they won't tell you on tours; the campus is located right by some kind of sewage plant (yes, you can smell it on campus. More specifically at 10 am and around 7 pm each and every day). Otherwise, it's pretty average. Nothing too extraordinary.
College is boring and not a lot to do;The internet is slow;The classes have been really easy so far;The library is nice and copies are free;Don't but textbooks, just copy what you need in the library;Location is nice;Reading City has nothing to do for college kids;Grounds are clean;If you are going to grad school, choose another school;Bad Security
