Alvernia is an amazing school and has a lot of opportunities for the more quiet people. If you are a party person and want a school where there are nonstop ragers then this is the wrong school for you. If you are going to school for a good education and to have some low key fun this school is perfect. I absolutely love it here.
Beautiful campus. If looking for parties don't come here.
Great school , not a party school very small campus
I love this campus and all of the Professors I have met and had are great.
Alvernia is a beautiful campus, however, because many of the students are local, most of the people go home on the weekends. They  do allow cars on campus, however, there is not much parking.  The way they do housing kind of sucks now too, because you are not very likely to get what you want.
absolutely love alvernia, didn't want to come here at first but now that I'm here i love it.  the people here are so nice, and faculty is so helpful.  social scene is fab if you know how to have fun and make your own!
I love it here and have made lifelong friends. I like my classes and professors.
Alvernia is a good school for certain majors. Those going into OT, AT, nursing, and the new DPT program will benefit going here. However, other than that it might be worth looking into other schools. There is a lack of clubs on campus, but that means opportunities to make them.
As a veteran this school has really helped me. The staff was very helpful the whole way thru my admission process. My classes so far are really good and the staff here wants to see the students do good. While some might think the location is not good when you look at the overall location you are near some pretty good towns if you have a car.
Social scene isn't that great, but if you're with the right group of people you could have a good time.  The professors and staff are great and really care about what you have to say.  The campus is beautiful.
I love Alvernia Univerity. The Professors are very nice and they are very commented to students success.
I am very proud and happy that I choose Alvernia. Our campus is so beautiful, faculty and staff are exceptionally friendly. I am a member of 4 clubs and hold 2 leadership positions. There are plenty of opportunities to grow.
Alvernia seems to hype up their campus and programs, I came in as a nursing major and did not receive the education I was expecting. Food is inedible and it's vacant on the weekends
