If you are taking Nursing as a subject, be mindful of some of the teachers being hired here. Some of them do not actually teach! So sad.
This school is really a stepping stone toward going for a BS or BA.  Looking back, I would have now went straight to the 4 year college, and skipped community college all together.
the councelors at this school just register you but don't not council you, which is something u can do straight from your comp. from home
lovely school. helps you succeed.. =]
Omg
very overpopulated. good luck finding parking. tough to graduate in two years unless you take summer and winter classes.
I can't speak for conditions of UCC other branches (Elizabeth, Plainfield) but the Main campus in Cranford is an awesome place. The Library is amazing and the Academic Learning Center is Super! Professors are great so far. It is a well maintained campus, feels like a mini university. Take advantage of the great resources here :)
Well dont bother trying to relax in the commons its just a bunch of kids who have nothing better to do but cause problems and be ready to spend alot of money on food then have nowhere to sitt. And you luck if you get at lest two good proffesors a semester. Have fun...
ASL Program was amazing! Not thrilled with the rest of my experience.
Amazing school.
BEWARE OF PARKING!!!!!!!!!
Stay on top of the courses you are taking, because the counseling office really is no help. The paper that has the classes you need to take, KEEP THAT PAPER WHEN YOU FIRST JOIN THE SCHOOL UNTIL YOU LEAVE. The classes they recommend for electives on that paper are wrong sometimes! Make 100% sure of every class you take is going to help you graduate!
I love the lounge it's all around cozy and I can study there when it's not loud. And during the fall when you walk outside it's so beautiful I feel like a real college student when I'm walking around on campus during the fall. But the consoulors are useless, I reconmend doing your schudule online! Don't go there!
It's a great school, professors are very helpful.
I enjoy the school and professors itself, but he people make it feel like h.s all over again.
Elizabeth campus is destitute with only the bare basics and a ridiculously small bookstore. While the Cranford campus is much better equipped, there comes an issue in which you may have to bounce back and forth between campuses in different cities as certain classes may not be available in a certain campus(very few computer courses).Poor management
Professors are a hit or miss, Some are life-changing, some terrible. Food is gross/overpriced. Staff are very helpful. Location is accessible. Parking is horrible. Clubs/events are great. Commons over-crowed, especially with non-UCC students. Councilors are very unhelpful, except for EOF ones, you must stay on track of your progress. Good luck.
They should know that people are very friendly, many faculties are excellent excepted few not so good and staff work very hard with students.It is a very school.
Union County College could work on their policies that would make attend the school up to date so it could compete with some of the other schools. It also needs to work on it finical aid process and book vouchers to make sure students is not stuck.
It reminded me of high school.
this place screwed me over for the past year and half about taking remedial classes
I can only speak for the Cranford campus. Like all other colleges there are good and bad professors, but my experience has been mostly positive. There are a lot of majors available. Food is passable and there is always something cool happening in the commons. Parking is bad though, during prime hours, 11~3PM it is a 10 minute walk to the campus.
They try to keep you here way longer that 2 years and 89% of the time they are successful. SO beware of this school if you plan on transfering
UCC is definitely a great transition if your planning on entering a college environment from High School the classes are not too large and the Professors are amazing in making sure they do all they can to help you understand and pass, students are extremely friendly and it is easy to make friends, at first UCC wasn’t my first choice after I graduat
Great Community college
great school
Cranford campus is very crowded in the mornings, very difficult to find a parking spot. Students smoking outside the library. Overall the campus needs some work done...
do not attend this collee go to a college that will help you finance aide does not help some of the teachers are disrespetful and only in it for the money.please stay away
fun
You will get very passionate, considerate professors and a student body full of interesting characters. Attending this school is improving my life.
food is horrible!I've gotten diarrhea whenever I've eaten there. There are hardly any clubs 2 join,never any events going on.Students are very unfriendly as well as the professors.Counselors suck.library sucks-da ppl who work there shld tell ppl 2 shut up if theyre not there 2 study!
Union County College is a great place to start. Get your AA degree and then do to a four year college. UCC is inexpensive and has great professors from other colleges around the area. If I had the choice, I would go to UCC again.
It's okay.
the financial aide department are no help at all the employees are very useful, and not helpful, also the some of the professor are not willing to help, even if they see you are having a difficult time. you have to be in the school for more than your time also taking classes that are not credit and school getting paid for it
there is nothing to know about this school, its just like every other college.
awesome
Great school
good education for a good price
As long as you do your work and stay consistent, Everyone should succeed
It's ok
The parking can be hectic at times but there is a shuttle and never register on the last day :-)
Union County College is  an EXCELLENT  Accredited Community College. I would rate it TOP 10 in the State. If you are thinking of going to a Community College, this one is for you! Great Professors and Campus!
I really like this school. it gives many opportunities!
awesome
its a community college so dont expect too much of the "college life."  I love the cranford campus and if you are looking for an associates degree for a lot less price than a normal college than this is the place to go. also credits are transferable to a lot of colleges. Be careful because a lot of the guidance councilors suck.
its an adventure
Parking can be challenging.
Union County College is a pretty decent school. There are so many people willing to help you.
It's okay. Not great. I'm disappointed in several areas. There's not much for adult students who want to study & need classes at night. Adjunct professors aren't prepared. Parking is absolutely ridiculous & they don't make it clear enough about where students can park. They give tickets if you accidentally parked in the wrong spot! Not happy.
It's an old Community college. Small campus and not much to it. Now with the construction going on it's even worse.
The parking stinks!
ehhh its alright. not that bad at all
Dont't really know much about the school. I attend at night.
Well, I've been here for a while. It gets the job done. No parking, but that's why I've adapted to early morning classes! Easy too navigate BEFORE the ridiculous construction. The building didn't pass code so they tore down half the N building. I'm almost done, good luck!
decent school
They are currently doing construction on the school which is a major distraction. I wouldn't recommend anyone to attend this school while they are doing a 2 year reconstruction.
