Been here on and off a few years. Sometimes I'm not sure if the school got better or if it just seems better because I actually enjoy being here now. Construction and parking suck, teachers are hit or miss like anywhere. Some are phenomenal, some not so much. Recommend Singer for Business, Martin for Comm, Brophy for Math, Murray for History
its not bad but its a community college
The campus is ok. It  is square building. The food is more or less.  There a few good Bio  professors, but most of them  are ok and the rest are horrible. There are good clubs and sport events. The public access  is most by car and 3 buses option. This is fine for a community college.
Love it here wish it was a four year
I have nothing to add this facility is the best out of all the facilities that I have visited and the people here are the best.
The school is not perfect, but I enjoy to study there. Have many awesome professors, and good localization.
Its an alright school the professors are great for the most part.
the school is a good place , but there are some things that are just annoying but other than that. the school is a good school and you can get a good education there.
Need more parking spaces, more computers and nice tutoring!
great for those who really work for it
Union County College is a great place to further your education, especially when money is tight and maybe you're not so sure about what you want to do with the rest of your life. So many students straight out of high school consider it to be the 13th year, but I feel that's only if you make it out to be. Go in. Do what you gotta do. Graduate.
School is ok, some professors really care about you. Social life is nonexistent.
I really enjoy my classes and teachers
Great place to be!
It's actually a pretty decent school and underrated for sure. The only thing I really hate is the cafeteria food and parking situation but professors are good for the most part and it's very inexpensive in comparison to many four years so perfect place to be if you need time to decide on a major/need to save some $$$.
The school is kinda bad. Professors are great. They really do care about you.  The issue is rather the administration is a mess and parking is a disaster.
UCC doesn't offer many classes within some majors, so it's often frustrating to complete courses need to graduate, especially when they only offer them once a year or once every few semesters
Overall, people look down on UCC, although I have to say I had a great experience. My professors were very caring, great teachers, and really there for their students. The experience you have is all what you make of it. Learned so much from my program.
diverse community college which allows students from all over the world to interact with each other on many different levels. Professors and students are well connected in and outside of the classroom. A great way to begin the journey in college.
I like this school, but it's not my first choice. In my opinion it's a great community college over all. Very affordable also.
thumbs down
GREAT COLLEGE..
Administration is this colleges biggest downfall. So many counsellors and administrators tell you either false or contradicting info. Getting into some classes can be cut-throat and last minute professor swaps can spell your doom, and they're pretty frequent.  If you take it and make the best out of it, then UCC will be worth it.
Union County College is a great Community College, with decent professors who want to help. Just avoid the bad professors, and you should be fine. Despite the horrendous  parking situation, the campus is alright.
UCC's Cranford campus is a-okay. If I had to rate it out of 5 stars, I'd give it 3.5. The staff is very helpful if you're looking for a class or something, & the library is really nice, although it can be noisy at times if you're trying to get work done. Parking is terrible, you have to get there either really early or really late.
It's Pretty Cool here.
A decent college for those who want to learn. The tools are there, but it's a bit bare bones. They have a small library and even a gym, but it's just enough to to the job done. Then again, isn't that the point?
This school is okay. They don't have many student services. It's a "bridge to excellent education", not a source of excellent education.
Loved it here
Before you enroll make sure the classes you need to complete your major are actually offered otherwise you might find yourself looking at another institution in order to complete your graduation requirements. Their parking issues need to be addressed. The American flag located outside of the administration building needs to be replaced. Veteran
Move some ASL classes to the Cranford Campus. Is very difficult balancing between classes between Plainfield New Jersey and Cranford New Jersey almost a 10 Mile commute several times in one day
This schools Is terible!
Cafeteria is overpriced Food is bad. Some professors care others not so much. Prof G. Marshall is the best. Run more like business than college. Disability Services is a JOKE. They barely acknowledge your 504 IEP, oh and you can almost never get a hold of a disability services advisor. It's a way for Union County to make $.
This place is a blessing in disguise. Show up, get a degree, if you think you are on a higher intellect level than others theres opportunity to join the honors society which is a powerful tool to get into the best schools. You're saving money nonetheless. You make your experience at this school and if you want to go far you can achieve it.
Great school!
I liked it. I think it gives equal opportunity to everyone and it's cheaper and universities
It's as exciting as the "you can't spell success without UCC" phrase.
TO me, this school gave me lots of opportunities to meet good people and friends. I am an international student, so I was a little bit worried what if I can not adopt with USA life. However, Union County College helped me A LOT. I studied hard so my GPA is over 3.9 and my transfer application got accepted. I am going one of the best schools in NYC
It's Good
Prime location, clean school. Easy to register for classes, there's a student center for almost any issue. I researched my professors ratings here to choose, and they were all great, Spring 2017 was my 1st sem. and I got a 4.0. Its up to you to make connections, many professors are willing to help, I've heard horror stories, so pick them carefully.
UCC is honestly a great school. The professors are like none other and truly want you to succeed, as well as the advisors. They are very helpful in making sure students obtain a degree or transfer to a 4 year school. They do not want to see you fail at UCC.
Great school. great faculty. great education.
Cranford is a great campus! Parking is an issue!
