Cranford is way better than Elizabeth's campus
Cranford is a nice campus. Its small like the size of a high school. Parking is horrible. Food is ok. Professors are mostly good and some are great. Facilities are clean. It's easy to navigate around because like I said it's a small campus. Library has good internet and printers. Tutoring center is good. It holds a special place in my heart.
it is an ok college
There is no place in this school to work quietly so that you are able to concentrate. Even the "silent study" room is usually filled with students hanging out and being very loud. There is the upstairs part of the library, but the wifi is so weak up there you cant get anything done. Very frustrating. Also all of the keyboards are very crusty. Gross
There are a lot of opportunities at UCC. A wonderful student center with joyful advisors and students with green shirts to help. At UCC, students are always number one. Friendly at best. Most of the professors are great, the janitors always keeps the bathrooms cleaned even of how dirty some students make it. Come and see for yourself. I Love UCC.
If you want a great education this is the place to go. Youd never expect to find such dedicated professors who want to help you, Definitely not at a public four year. The school itself has a lot to work on, but the education here is what you make of it. Most professors actually care and are MORE than willing to help. I dont regret coming here first
I enjoy going to this school. The campus is nice. The professors are nice and most of them are ready to help you. I recommend this school.
Good campus but I have been to better places. Parking is terrible and there are no true student advisors to guide students through the process of information about a major. The food is terrible it's kind of ridiculous for the amount of money they make off of students. Student common areas are nice but the internet connection sucks in this place.
Love taking classes. Need to have more choices. Building needs a good cleaning. Spider webs and dust on windowsills and ants crawling around in classrooms. Bathrooms are often a mess. Need paper towels and/or hand dryers that work. Have encountered some very nice younger students who will hold the door for you. Need better security at this school.
I feel that they should be more picky about the professors.
They are very helpful in working with you to fulfill your educational goals.
A hidden gem of Union County. They have FREE tutors, multiple computer labs, and teachers that care! Need I say more? You might want to bring ear plugs if you want to study anywhere but the library or a classroom though.
This school is horrible they rely to much on online even if you go to the campus everything is still online U will be put in a math class where u sit in front of a computer and do everything online while the professor does nothing also this school will cancel your class and change your schedule
Has an excellent atmosphere and very engaging settings like the ALC. But unfortunately the college is extremely bureaucratic, which ultimately affects us the students. Furthermore, their Computer Science program is lacking and has some terrible professors you may not be able to escape from; mainly Wrice and Farrison. I ended up dropping out.
This school no help from advisor the tutoring center tell me they cant help but sign paper saying I was Here. professors are not understanding you might have to travel between 3 campuses to complete your major all math classes are online and there so called social worker never gets back to anyone online books not cover by aid
Good school. Some professors are lousy but the good ones really do make a difference.
Great campus very safe food is good All the staff is willing to help you They help with all your classes
Stay in the Library and You will PASS. Advisors I had over the 2 years here were very helpful. I was able to earn a College Degree & transferred out to a University with my Associates of Science Degree! I thank God for allowing me to have access to such a great school and campus! I have already made lifelong friends here, Old & Young!
It's a great community college. I've made many friends here and many of the professors are awesome. Students are truly number one, and most of the professors I've had were amazing. They have so many club options and opportunities.
Very Underrated college. The ratings as you can see are better than A LOT OF UNIVERSITIES. An amazing place yo get your education
I don't treat my life as a game it is a very expensive world & the teachers still want to make you learn majority outside of class. The last final I took she did not prepare me for @ all. Get your education & get out the way is my best advice.
Love UCc and all the opportunities I have there !
