Overall, I enjoy going to Kennesaw. Classes aren't too bad, it's pretty inexpensive, and I feel like I've learned a lot. Registration (as with any of the public schools in Georgia) is awful.  Also, let's make one thing clear: KSU is primarily a commuter school. People are there to get their education and get out.
KSU is a really good school that has job connections all over the United States and abroad, many travel opportunities, research opportunities, and great professors.
Primarily commuter school. Unless you live in the dorms or join one of the few clubs they have, it can be difficult to make friends. It is dead on the weekends b/c everyone leaves to party elsewhere. The food and dorms are amazing! Really good faculty too! There are few tall trees on the campus so you walk around in the sun a lot.
Kennesaw State will surprise you. It is a very pretty campus, and it is growing so rapidly. I love it.
The school has a ridiculous mandatory meal plan and the fees can be up to $6000 a year not including tuition.  It is shoddly run and they have no sense of student life.  There only sense is to make $.
lklklk
Good choice if you are looking for a nontraditional, commuter campus. As hard as they strive to be like UGA and other traditional schools, they fall short. The residence halls are expensive, student body cohesion is weak, and there is little if any "school spirit." But academically speaking, you will get your money's worth.
Much better than it was a few years ago.  Still trying to shed commuter school image and mentality.  An up and coming school to watch.
Very large school. I love it. Most teachers are not there out of love for teaching but for a paycheck.
I am surprised in how much I enjoy attending kennesaw. The school is growing fast. I've Had numerous GREAT professors. The dorms are immaculate and offer many options. The dining hall is state of the art with TONS of options. The only thing I hate about campus is the HORRIBLE library. Outdated building with outdated books.
Great school. Would reccommend to anyone.
The business advisors are not helpful at all. It seems like most employees on campus don't know what is going on. They tell you to go ask someone else and then that person refers you back to the original person.
Once you get past the gen-ed courses and take classes that matter to you, it is a great school. KSU professors care and are passionate about teaching--no God Complexes here. Don't look down on this school just because you grew up in the area. It is a bargain for the education you get by the time you graduate. Definitely worth it.
I love going to school here.  People are so friendly and nice.
Kennesaw is a really good school especially for the money (though they do seem to be getting greedier about the tuition). Like any school there are good things and bad things, but I think the good outweighs bad here. As the campus expands there are more challenges, like parking (a nightmare) that will have to be overcome in the future.
AWESOME UNIVERSITY!!!
Smokers are everywhere! I leave the campus (the science building) with my nasal passage and throat burning every day. This is the one thing that annoys me. I wish they were more srict about inforcing the smoking areas on campus, or prohibit smoking all together. Most people are very helpful and it's easily comfortable, friendly atmosphere.
Go GREEK!!
Nice area to be in if you are like me and like a nice equilibrium between huge cities and the boonies. One of the fastest growing areas in metro Atlanta.
This is a nice school with great classes, buildings, and professors. However, the University is out for one thing: your money. They will fine you for just about anything! It is run by crooks.
Great for Non- Traditional Students
Excellent school with great professors and a wonderful atmosphere.
At age 66 this is my first college experience. KSU has left me with a very positive impression. All my profs have been helpful and easy to get along with. I love it here
It is a beautiful campus, and convenient to almost everything. It's one of the largest populated colleges in GA, however, it still has that small school feel. The commons are state of the art, and the food is AMAZING!
not diverse, advisors guide through biases/discrimination
I'm so glad I transferred here, I love Kennesaw State, the friends I have made here, and the wonderful professors and opportunities that I have been given.
It is a small campus that has a lot in it. It is perfect for those that want big campus academics and options in a small environment.
Kennesaw State University is a great school.
Great School offering Great Education...
Love it!
no nightlife
Great campus, awesome atmosphere, great people, and one of the best decisions of my life was to go here. I feel like everyone here is serous about their education and having a good time along the way. However, saying the internet speed on the campus is "poor" is a huge understatement. The speed in my dorm is impossibly slow. Like, dialup bad.
This campus is quite diverse. We are all adults here
The school is growing. They have just added a new nursing and education building and are adding a new science building. A brand new cafeteria that offers a great range of culinary delights!
I absolutely LOVE KSU. It's the only place I could ever see myself going! The dorms are AMAZING, the Commons is pretty awesome due to a wide variety of food, and the campus is really pretty. I just love it here!
Everyone goes home on the weekend. Not very exciting but the campus is nice.
Despite what you may have heard, the Nursing school at KSU is not impressive.  Aside from a few exceptions, the faculty is terrible and the program is very poorly organized.
Mainly a commuter school. No real family feeling among (25,000...) students. School is too big and parking is a NIGHTMARE!! Smoking is rampant and drugs/alcohol are abundant. Have had some amazing professors and some terribly awful ones too. Experience was okay, but I wouldn't get another degree there.
if i could do it again i would choose a different school. the good professors are few and far between. KSU runs there business very poorly. freshman advisors are a joke, registrar is guaranteed to screw you over at least twice.
The administration seems more concerned with growing the student body then being selective which leads to students being unable to perform at a college level. The school's solution appears to have been to lower expectations. I have a 4.0 GPA and rarely open a book or write a paper before the day it is due. If you want to learn, go someplace else.
KSU is growing very rapidly, and it shows in regard to certain aspects of the campus life and organizations. It's a fairly large school, but it still needs to establish itself further in regard to degree programs and traditions. Some professors are superstars, while some are horrible quality.
I back at Kennesaw for my second degree. I first attended because I did not really have a choice. I, however, did choose to come back again and would recommend KSU to others. Overall the campus is great. It could use some work on the dining hall and the fees are a bit crazy. I do value my education from KSU!
Pretty great teachers, you will learn if you apply yourself.  There is alot to do close to this Beautiful campus.
It's a very good school, and it's an excellent choice for a low budget. It has a very nice addition to its science building underway. However, my concerns are: 1) parking is getting better, but still horrible. And 2) that too many students and classmates run away after class and have no interest in forging new friendships - makes it hard for some.
The school is very up to date, and has an excellent staff.  Most students go here to really learn, and it can be very competitive in a good way.
GREAT SCHOOL. KSU POLICE IS A REAL PAIN. MOST STUDENTS GET 3 TO 4 TICKETS A SEM. MY CAR WAS TOWED BECAUSE I LEFT IT IN THE PARKING LOT ON A SATURDAY BECAUSE I RAN OUT OF GAS. WHEN I CAME BACK WITH THE GAS THEY STARTED TOWING THE CAR. THE CAR WASN'T ON THE TRUCK YET BUT THE OFFICER REFUSED TO RELEASE MY CAR WHEN THE TOWER WANTED TO.
I love KSU. Just because many students are commuters doesn't mean the college experience isn't available. Great food, professors, dorms, everything.
I hated this school so much I transferred.  This school is a glorified community college.  If you want to fail in your chosen career.  Go here cause they do not challenge you or prepare you.  Good Luck later in life, cause you will need it.
Just love it. The parking is getting better. The food is great. I'm a commuter and am very happy. I wish I could live on campus because it's so beautiful.
nice dorms
Beautiful campus. Mainly a walking campus, and parking is a little overcrowded right now but they're working on it. Awesome school! Also, one of the few universities in the country with an Inclusive Learning program for disabled students.
Kennesaw is BEAUTIFUL. There's a lot to do around the town, too. It's not Athens (meaning there aren't 5000 bars on every corner). But there's definitely enough to do, especially if you get involved. The campus seems to constantly be hosting something (carnivals, fireworks, festivals, etc.) The education's good too; the teachers know their stuff.
Just be yourself..never become fake or uncommon to your own character.people accept you as you are. also, always be cautious of what you put in the microwave!! (fire-alarm will occur if you do anything wrong) **trust me, i'm a living example.
KSU is great. This will give you the college experience without breaking the bank. Out of the other major universities that compete, this one is the most affordable while still offering a very quality education and campus. Also, most of the school commutes from off-campus, so parking can be pretty dismal at times. Overall awesome!
KSU has a beautiful campus and there is always something going on. It is a great school that is slowly trying to transition from being a commuter college to a traditional university. Come help be apart of KSU's journey to becoming the amazing university it strives to be, come grow with us.
I transferred to KSU after attending UGA. I very much prefer the surroundings and atmosphere that the KSU campus offers. Class size and professor quality is more than adequate.
There is no place to park! Instead of making "new townhomes" they need to make more parking spaces especially near our classes!
There is not much socialization.  If you tend to have more of a loner mentality, then you will probably enjoy KSU and will be able to make your way through the KSU's system fairly easily if you are smart and know how to handle your business.
Don't underestimate KSU. It's a great school and the majority of the teachers there are kind and easy going, I've learned a lot since I've been there. It's inexpensive and relatively easy to get a good GPA. Kennesaw is a happy community of people who have known eachother for years.
Commuter school with registration problems. Basically, you get what you pay at this university.
I like the general school itself, but if you are looking to be a science major you might want to look into going somewhere else. Every science major I know, including myself, is going to graduate a year behind schedule because of the ridiculously small amount of classes that are offered, which could include a class being offered 1 time once a year.
The school is a great school; however, some of the professors are making the school render a bad name for its self due to their incapabilities of teaching methods. Most of the professors leave you out to hang and do not have a real grasp on helping their students succeed. Professors are meant to help you succeed and challenge you to succeed, but no
I love KSU!  Go OWLS!
A great School.. Very well Located Just off the Freeway! and A few miles from Downtown Atlanta. Campus Facilities are the BEST!!!
Parking is a nightmare, especially early in the semester. I hear they are going to assigned parking zones next year, but I'll have graduated by then. Easy to get in and out of campus, right off I-75. Brand new dining hall, really good food. Buildings and equipment all new and/or very well maintained. Easy to walk on campus, nothing is too far away.
Teachers for the most part really care about the students and are interested in their success! Teaching staff very dedicated to the success of the students, but as with any other University---you must work to earn your grades, teachers and tutors are dedicated, ask for help and you will get it 90% of the time!
I'm extremely disappointed with this school. I am a transient student and when I took classes last semester I did not find the courses engaging or challenging. Now when I signed up for two classes which they automatically dropped me from both my classes siting the registration was too low. This has been a huge inconvenience to me.
If are looking for a degree in Education plan on fighting for a seat in one of the mandatory classes.  The education bldg is part of the financial aid bldg/anything else they don't know where to put. The "new" football team must be getting the money that should go for an addition to the College of Education. Nice people. It's not an easy ride.
I graduated from GA State University with a BBA in 1993,& am returning to college for a second undergrad in Biology. I have had an incredible experience at KSU. The professors have been excellent,& the availability of classes is same as I experienced at Ga State 25 years ago.I learned in '93 don't wait until the last minute to register!
Plan on fighting for a seat in most of the mandatory classes of your Major. ***No open seats, you will have to miss mandatory classes each semester.
This school has a lot of bad Instructors and a hand full of good Instructors, too many students and no open classes,its good if you have an 8yr plan
It took me 4 Semesters to get in one mandatory class. I had to enroll at two local colleges just to get the classes I needed. Georgia State University has more open classes.
It's average.
This school has grown fast.  I believe the quality of the instructors has suffered because of this.  Way to many of them have poor ratings.  If you are an LD student, this may not be the place to start. You may get lost in the crowd. If you are already a good student and just attending to get your degree, it may be alright.
I transferred here to be closer to home, but will more than likely be leaving the school after this year. Nothing against KSU, I would rather be at UGA, though.
Best kept secret in the South!
Well kept campus. Beautiful
Awesome school!
People not very social. In order to make friends you either have to know a lot of people going in to KSU, join a club or organization, or attend a lot of campus sponsored events.
At first I only considered going to KSU for my gen eds, but I like it enough to see it all the way through without a transfer in my future.
Great school
I just transferred to Kennesaw this fall 2012, and I love the school. I love everything about it, the classes may be hard but totally worth the transfer.
There is always something to do on campus and lots of people to meet.
it is well diversed and there are so many things to get involved in.
The school is great, and the honors program presents plenty of perks.
I Love Kennesaw :) registering for classes right now!
I love KSU. The only problem that I have is they don't offer enough science classes (especially biology) per semester. Very hard to get the classes that you need because enough aren't offered.
This is a great relaxed campus. Lovely to walk from class to class in the spring and fall. I love that it is not in a noisy urban area, but there are still plenty of places nearby.
its perfect.
Beautiful campus, very large but not confusing. The city of Kennesaw is alright in regards of thing to do. Traffic sucks though. So far my teachers have been alight like 3 out of 5. The student dining area is delicious although the faculty are annoying at times. Most things on campus are convenient to get to. Overall I'd give it a 3.71 out of 5.
Came here after a brief stent at UWG. Huge improvement. Love the campus. Beautiful ladies also a plus.
I'm dual-enrolled at my high school part time and at KSU the other half. Best decision ever. Definitely not a community college. The professors are fantastic, the school has gained a lot of credibility, and day-to-day campus life is great.
It's a great campus overall.
Kennesaw is an incredible school. I graduated high school with a 4.0 and my friends judged me for picking KSU over UGA, but I wouldn't trade my decision for anything. The food is great compared to what it could be. The housing is phenomenal. There is always an event going on. The gym is AMAZING. Definitely love my school. Go owls!!!
Great school, great location, convenient to stores, bars, mall...pretty much everything you need right there...luv the bus service, only wish it would go to a food store! I honestly think that this is one of the best schools I have attended..I'm a Georgia southern transfer...best kept secret! Attend this school if you don't like the busy city life.
I love this College. I am glad I decided to attend here!
So far I am happy with my decision to attend Kennesaw. I had a job within the first month of school. I love how Kennesaw likes to incorporate international students and global initiatives within the campus and for students. Everyone who attends here is highly friendly. The dorms could use some improving instead of the commons but its cool
I will never regret going here. I'm staying here all four years. I have other friends that go to different universities and I always hear them complain about things, but at Kennesaw I rarely hear complaints. It's a great school overall and it has been growing vastly in the past few years. It is a hidden gem.
very good choice.
KSU is a fantastic place to attend if you are looking for a medium sized school. The school is focusing on global learning and diversity which is important.
I thought the school would grow on me, but I'm still not a fan of Kennesaw. The registration process is a pain when it comes to trying to get into mandatory classes. People aren't very social. Seems very cliquey for college. Traffic sucks. Housing is ridiculous. It's not as diversified as I was led to believe. Just an average school.
I will be graduating from KSU having attended here the whole and have really enjoyed it. I am graduating a year early, but over the past three years I have seen the school change so much so I can only imagine what will happen in the future. I am very happy I have gone to KSU and all the professor I have dealt with have been vey helpful.
Great education w/ two exceptions: KSU1101 and VERY poor Math profs. The FirstYear program with its advising, etc is highly overrated and useless. Equally as overblown is the quality of the lunchroom; I've never been impressed with the food. Socially, I've never been mistreated, but overall the students are rather cold and impersonal.
I attended undergrad here and now I'm in graduate school here. I've been at KSU a little over seven years and I can't believe how much it has grown. I love it here!
This is my third year here. Chose it over Georgia State and Valdosta State. I don't regret the decision.
KSU is more interested in spitting out students than creating a learning environment dedicated to intellectual progress. There are a few professors that are amazing, but for the most part they are boring and too involved with securing tenure. I thought it was a good school when I applied, but now I know it's just a good fallback school.
I love my school! Go owls!!
This is an excellent school. I wouldn't want to be at any other college.
Overall, it's a good school. There are certain aspects that I might change if given the opportunity, but as a whole, I'm glad with my decision to go here. But beware, parking can be a nightmare.
just bad.... ask anyone... everyone transfers
Keep in mind, this is the third largest university in the state and it feels that way. It's so diverse and i've never been exposed to such a large accepting crowd. I absolutely love it here. KSU easily beats out any other state university comparably.
KSU is the best!
Great school
I love this school. I'm not here to party or make friends. I'm solely here for the education and this school is perfect for that. MOST of the professors are dedicated and enthusiastic about their work. I would HIGHLY recommend KSU.
If you end up going to school here, DO NOT live on campus. The rent is outrageous and they only have 12 month leases - if you try to cancel, they make you pay 3 months rent or 50% of the amount remaining in your contract. Yes they are modern dorms, but nothing ever goes on (except in the halls at night when you're trying to sleep". Stay away.
try to live on campus, get involved in organizations and try to be active on campus. Its only boring if you make it.
Wonderful school, beautifully kept campus, devoted professors. Really the best school with an excellent Veteran Resource Center. Couldn't ask for better!
My favorite area is the Commons dining hall. Culinary Arts students prepare this awesome food for the school. Love the food.
Love this school, glad I came here!
I can't wait to see what KSU has in store for the future. Overall, I have had a great experience with great professors. The Coles College of Business is top notch and I wouldn't trade my education for anywhere else. The campus is easily accessible and very well kept.
great school. great on campus housing.
I like it
KSU is an amazing school and it truly changed my life to go here. The people you will meet and the experiences you will have are incredible.
Kennesaw is what you make it.
This school have a great program and always seek for a way to help students improve!
Go KSU. Growing with you will be great!
Fantastic education.
I would recommend this university to anyone. the students and teachers are pretty easy to talk to and they seem to always be willing to help
KSU is an average school. They will keep you enrolled as long as possible. Class scheduling is a joke. Will make classes in your major overlap so you cannot take them at the same time. Administration and advisers are not going to do much at all to help you. School is a money pit, degree is not anywhere near as prestigious as KSU likes to make it
A commuter school. Dorm life is limited. KSU campus cops, State Troopers, plus Cobb County Police makes me feel like I am in a police state. The students mostly live in Cherokee, Marietta City, and East Cobb. The students are the best looking students. Owl mascot Owl is lame. The colors are orange-yellow and black...horrible. Best in metro area.
blag
It has a great Nursing program.
Many students live off campus.
Definitely a growing school. Somewhere around 28,000 students. Best Business, Nursing, and Education programs in Georgia and maybe the Southeast. Football team debuts as D1 in 2015. Campus just needs to keep expanding and as it does it will start to feel more and more like a traditional university.
very good professors.  a lot of construction on campus this year.
This is no longer an easy A school.  It is the 3rd largest university in the state of GA
Love KSU!
Great School.
Love KSU! You will not be disappointed! I am in the School of Music, and it is fantastic.
If you have a car, It's an up and a down 'cause the parking decks and lots fill up real fast. But the people're great, the campus is beautiful. But it can be a lot of walking!
Great school. Professors make student study. Great teachers.
I am really happy I chose KSU
Kennesaw has a beautiful campus and all of my classes and experiences here so far have been amazing. I think Kennesaw was the best choice I have made in a long time, especially because I want to be a nurse.
Something has happened to KSU. It was great but now it's a waste of time and money
Great school with great academics and great club and sports programs. Has perfect location, and is growing really fast.
I love this school so much! I didn't like it in the beginning because it was hard to transition and find my place, but the school provides everything you need to find where you belong.
Good school.
Good school.
This is nothing but a commuter school! I had the opportunity to go out of state for college but decided to stay in state and save money and then transfer. I am miserable here. 85% of the student body is immature and incompetent. The greek life here sucks so bad! This school is perfect for students who just want to take their classes and leave.
It was a great school  once. Its good now. It is too focused on growing that it's become negligent of the students. They make it seem so amazing at orientation and visitations. After you move in and get started you realize it is NOT what they make it out to be. Also, the commons gets old after the first week.
I LIKE THE OBSERVANCE SO FAR
Kennesaw is going to be a big deal. Impressive place for career resources and opportunities. People sometimes complain about campus life, being that you are literally encouraged to party off-campus, which isn't too bad. Education-wise, professors are choice. A lot of inspirational moments. Not enough room to elaborate. Most people are pretty neat.
It has been very difficult to get the classes I need. The commons seem nice at first, then it get boring.
Some teachers are hit & miss, but for the most part, my stay here at Kennesaw State University has been grand. I started a club (Breakdance), created my own major (Integrative Studies department), Studied abroad in South Korea and am working on achieving some other things. Really, there is plenty of opportunity with this university. It's great.
Kennesaw offers nonsense scheduling for Science majors. When the Chemistry and Biology and Physics time frames all overlap, how does one go about getting a Science degree from this institution??
Everyone one campus is pretty nice and very helpful if you ask. The commons are awesome, you've basically got six buffets and can stay in there all day. Most of the teachers are challenging, but that is to be expected. Awesome school over all!
It is awesome here at ksu.
Great school- Lots of options for everyone.. Just acquired Southern Poly so will have some good technical programs- Constant upgrades of equipment, buildings, programs, etc- If you're a student here, and you utilize all that they have to offer, you will be taken care of in every way. The hard part is finding out ALL the resources available.
Wonderful school!  Happy that I picked it!
It's fun!
This School is a great Undergraduate school, it offers a huge range of classes and offers great professors.
BEST Professors anywhere!!
This school is beautiful! There's a lot of things close by that're considered on campus like Town center Mall, etc. KSU has it's own bus system, BOB, that takes anyone anywhere! The Commons are full of deliciousness, the Hoot food depends on the day.. The bookstore is like a mini mall with a convenience store and makeup center. Go to KSU! <3 :)
Instead of building additional parking which is desperately needed, they continue building classrooms. Not everyone lives on campus...just because more classrooms are built, where are those students going to park?! Focuses WAY to much on art and business, Science students get screwed on class availability
Great campus, and I am happy to be pat of an awesome community.
KSU is okay. Nothing to rave about. Like previously mentioned, if you are in any science major or need to take any science classes---good luck getting in. Many ppl have waited 2 yrs as I did to register just for the Bio 1 class that is a pre req for literally everything in my major!! Parking is an absolute nightmare even with their new pkg system.
I think Kennesaw is a wonderful school and most people are friendly.
I love kennesaw state!
I absolutely love it! Best decision I ever made. Housing is overpriced and the housing office people are horrible though...
I dislike KSU more than I should. Commons are not great, and packed always. Parking sucks most days. Some majors have very few options (science and sport management) I have at least one terrible professor every semester. KSU students are definitely the most friendly. KSU is just too focused on expansion than retention of students.
Fantastic university!
Great school!
amazing professors that really care about your education and will go the extra mile to help you understand material.
Awesome school
GREAT school. Grown a lot over there years and is now getting a football team which is very exciting. Greek life is good and is growing-hopefully getting housing soon. Lots of clubs and activities to get involved with. Close to ATL so any exciting events aren't far away. If you go here you won't regret it.
I'm a young freshman so I didn't have much say in where I attended school for undergrad, but boy am I glad this was the nearest school to my family home :) the campus is easy to navigate once you've grown into it and there are some very beautiful areas on campus! Food could be better but the library makes up for it!
Kennesaw State is a diverse school and located in a nice area.
This school needs some MAJOR guidence for the growth it is seeing in student body size. UGA or GT could help out and give some good pointers. ADVISING AND CARE FOR STUDENTS IS NEAR TO NONE. Every student can pull up Degree Works, there's nothing more done by advisors than that. Very few resources for learning, compared to UGA or GCSU or Tech. :( :(
KSU needs: 1) More student parking. 2) More teachers focused on passing students instead of trying to achieve a perfect bell curve every semester. 3) teachers that are ACTUALLY teachers, meaning, HAVE OBTAINED EDUCATION DEGREES. #1 is obvious #2 is just bad bad bad, every semester teachers try to do the curve. #3 most teachers are here for research
Great campus for international students, transfer and non traditional.
KSU is a fantastic school
It is a great school
GO KSU!
It's amazing! Great environment
ok school
Great school
KSU is the best.                                       I would like to study in KSU forever.                                  Most of the teachers are awesome.                       The campus is pretty nice.                             Most of the students are friendly.                     Go to KSU! you will never regret.
I really enjoy my experience at KSU.  also really enjoyed my classmates.
Yes
Great campus. New clean building and claims. Spectacular dorm set up.
this is a great university and its beautiful.
Be sure to get access to Wifi. Live on campus if you can so you have access to the full college experience and make connections.
KSU is a great option with a lot of different major choices and extra curricular activities. The education and professors are great. I wish the parking and food service were better. There are always huge lines no matter where you go and half the time they are out of what you want. I even found a piece of plastic in my pizza once. And parking sucks.
Going in for a science major is like throwing money away. You will search for classes to buy you time until a science course opens up. I can''t believe a school this size can''t invest in a larger faculty. They expect students to tolerate waiting list and then sit though lectures will horrible professors. Awful school. I transferred.
Transfer student and I''m loving it here so far
Great School Just wish it had a better rep
I'm a transfer student and love it here. KSU has exceeded my expectations, and they have a large variety of awesome professors  and tons opportunities in the area to intern. The business program here is stellar are more people should give Kennesaw a look.
This school really deserves a better reputation. It keeps getting better and better Just fix the Wi-Fi here and everything is perfect.
KSU offers tons of opportunities for students!
You're paying for the experience! Expensive but worth it!
Nice campus. Clean and there is always something going on.
Great school with great programs. Always making improvements. Only bad thing is the professors are mostly politically biased toward one party so if you are involved in politics and do not agree with thier political ideaoligies it can get frustrating because they outwardly promote thier political oppionions and berate the opposition.
I came to college to learn not to be entertained, and it's crazy the amount of money this college spends on entertainment. If you want to learn, college is not the place! Nowadays, colleges has become comedy central.
Kennesaw is an underrated university. It's in a good location, they are constantly making it better, there is a bunch to do, the cafeteria is ranked top 3 in the nation, we are getting a football team and SSPSU's campus and excellent engineering program. What more can you ask for other than Greek Housing?
There is always something going on. But I feel like some of the curriculum is being overlooked. There is always opportunities to do so much. You can travel abroad and after college, the college gives you the tools to find a job.  The location is ok. And the library is lacking. They don't really help transfer students as much as the freshman.
over all a pretty awesome, affordable school. Don't regret my choice
Nice campus
I love the dorms here. KSU Place is cheapest place & it's still great. You will have 3 roommates, but depending on where you stay it can be none or up to 3. There is 2 people to a bathroom. Food is great, the is Chick-fil-a, Boar's Head, sushi, & Burrito Bowl in the Student Center. Enjoying it here. Professor's this semester are good. 1st semester.
GO KSU
No complaints!
I live off campus and I don't spend much time doing social things on campus. I love the Commons food, the fried chicken being my favorite. The wifi is spotty. Some days it's great and others it doesn't work at all.
It's a great school with great people!
I LOVE IT HERE. THE DIVERSITY, THE COMMONS (i.e. best food in the state for universities). Professors for the most part are awesome. I have developed a bond with a couple professors and consider them to be great mentors. I hate to graduate only because the environment is beautiful and I love to learn. I'm planning on getting master's degree here.
I was thinking about transferring the first few weeks, but now I am comfortable, employed on-campus, and making friends. Nice place, but will be deserted on the weekends. Still a commuter school unfortunately.
It's a good school and some of the professors are not the best but it's enjoyable. The internet connection is pretty spotty though.
I really enjoy this school it is a really nice community and I enjoy the people in it!
I love KSU!  I'm about to graduate and my only regret is that I didn't get more involved in campus activities.  Overall the courses are great and the professors really know their stuff.  Also, it's a great school for older students, very diverse student population.
The school is not very organized. You hardly ever hear of any events, clubs, or opportunities. Though a few teachers are swell, so many of them are terrible teachers. They have no rhyme or rhythm to their teaching styles. The worst is the size of the campus. The student population is WAY too large compared to the campus.
I love KSU. The campus is beautiful, and everyone is super nice.. almost too nice. I can't walk to class without someone saying something to me. There are no bars really, but the parties off campus are great! Get involved though, if you don't plan to do a sport or join a fraternitysorority then you are wasting your time here.
I love this place!
I love this school and am so glad I decided to come here.
The Best School In the World. Go OWLS!!
Transferred to this school from Georgia Highlands College and I cannot not be more happy with the school. Considering the price, it's great!
Great school for any student, any age, any nationality. Love it here great atmosphere all around. Looking forward to much growth for this university keep up the good work KSU!!!!!!
Amazing an upcoming school!! Watch out world!!!
Awesome school!!!
Kennesaw State is SO underrated. It's getting much bigger and better. Beautiful campus, competitive programs, and great teachers.
KSU is great!
It's neat
The Commons is honestly the best part of campus.
It's okay here I can't complain. People don't really socialize here unless you live on campus. If you are a commuter you don't tend to get attached to anyone in your classes. Clubs are a not announced, easy to find or even existent. Teachers range from great to "NO RUN AWAY". If you commute don't expect to be living it up socially.
Internet sucks. Go to a different school.
I love it here. i have made such great friends. everyone complains about the internet, but you on a campus with thousands of people, of course it's going to suck but it's manageable. i wouldnt complain about it here. if you're looking to party, join greek life or befriend someone in greek life. let's not forget about our sports teams, theyre great!
Campus is wonderful. People are strange and don't know how to socialize.
I love it here at Kennesaw. The environment is free and friendly.
It has got good opportunities and variety. Has good business school. The food is good. The tuition is low. However, the school is in a very congested location. There is so much traffic. It is a logistical nightmare. Way too many people go there. Everyone commutes, so the parking is a disaster. It's hard to enjoy KSU due to the size & competition.
Kennesaw is a great school. The campus is pretty small but very beautiful. I have made friends and most of the people you come across are friendly as can be. The food isn't that wonderful but you can go to places right down the rad like Panera. So far my experience here has been awesome and I highly recommend Kennesaw! School spirit is a must too!
All around great school
Great campus!
Kennesaw is so underrated, but it is such an amazing school.
If you do not like that cold, I advise you to choose else where. It tends to get down into the teens here.
I love Kennesaw. It's in a great area, tons to do, job opportunities, and so much more. Campus is so nice
Beautiful campus but the social life sucks, most people are friendly but its hard to build relationshipsfriendships
I love this school!! It's small but it works. I'm in the process of transferring back and it's nothing like KSU. The people here are just lovely, mature, helpful and you will find life long friends here. Academically it's tough but worth it. They have the resources to help you to be great. USE THEM!! I can't wait to come back. I miss it a lot!!
It is a growing university. Every year gets better, events and musical artists get bigger, and diversity expands. The campus is green and calming. The city has so many things to get into.
It's a great campas, Even though it's really big and hard to make friends at first, Overall it's really friendly, and there is a group for anyone. Once i joined a group there, they are like family. When your part of a group, KSU gets smaller. Its a small town feel.        My prefessors overall care about the students, and Ksu previd a lot of help
Beautiful campus. Dorms are awesome. Especially if you live in the Village or Austin Residence. The campus is DEAD on the weekends. Everyone either goes to Athens or goes home. If you are slightly introverted, it's a nice attribute. Wifi is a little dodgey. The commons claims to have really good food, but it's basically a Golden Corral.
Except for the internet, Kennesaw is awesome! Totally staying here all 4 years
Not what I expected
Over the past 3 years it's slowly gotten better, and I think with Southern Poly getting sucked up as Kennesaw State now, as well as a football program starting in the fall 2015, and the new rec center that should apparently open in March 2015, I think it'll become a pretty cool school.
I thoroughly enjoyed my time at KSU and I miss it terribly overall. I walked away with a good job with an average gpa but I also did several internships, study abroad trips, extra curricular activities and was constantly in career services for help with my resume and such. I look forward to returning in a year or two for my masters degree.
Nice people, safe campus
I enjoyed my time at KSU and graduating in two weeks :) Best of luck to everyone who goes and don't forget to walk. You only get to do it once.
Coming from Jamaica I never heard about Ksu in my life until I was desperately looking for a university. Unknown to me but as I warmed up to the campus and the opportunities I'm getting I can only call this the an absolute miracle. #owl4lyphe #YardiesFiFahwud
Small town college campus feel, go just outside of campus and you are in a big city. Best of both worlds.
It's really improved over the past few years, but needs more classrooms and a biggerbetter library to correspond with the quickly-growing student population.
The school is okay, wish there was more of a nightlife, the campus is really dead on the weekends because everyone always goes home on the weekend. The wifi is the worst thing in the world.
reputable university, with the addition of a football team it will attract more businesses and scholarships. Organized and administered to give students a place to excel.
The food in the Commons should be healthier and tastier. It needs more flavors and more choices. The same food is served everyday! The food should be good all the time not just when parents and future freshman are touring the campus! If I could use my swipes at the restaurants off campus instead of going to the commons, I totally would!
Kennesaw is a great school. It is finally starting to become more popular and get the respect it deserves. I transferred here from UNG and it was the best decision I've made in my entire life. KSU is a beautiful campus, the community is great, the people are nice, the food is amazing, and the professors are incredible. Highly recommend attending!
Kennesaw State is amazing! The campus is beautiful, and the education is well worth the price. I have grown up tremendously and have met some of the best people in my life. The location is great, food is amazing, and there is tons to do, but if you are like me and want to stay in your dorm, that's cool too! Really great College of Business!
Go Owls!!
Good school overall.
It's growing.
Its can be more than what it is. Its boring on campus, nobody wants to do anything there. It's impossible to find anything to do and some people come off a little stand off-ish. I really thought I was going to like it here but I'll be transferring to GSU. However the food is great and the professors are really helpful!
A wonderful college!  Great all around!  Construction is ongoing to better the campus.  One pet peeve is the lack of areas to study.  For all the money dumped into the campus, there are zero outlets for students to charge laptops while studying and in common areas there is a lack of table and chairs.  Add better common areas!
As with every university, your experience is what you make it. It is your duty to join the clubs, fraternities, sororities, etc. There is no ready made college experience. Get out and explore! The more involved you are, the better your experience will be.
...
KSU is a great school and in my opinion #1 in the nation! Great academia, national athletic sports teams, awesome campus location only 15 mins away from Atlanta. Campus parties are RAW and there are plenty of opportunites to grow and learn. Whatever your major career path you'll be able to explore exactly what you want to do at KSU.
It's a decent campus, but the quality of education is below what it should be with the cost of tuition. There isn't enough content in the courses.
I really do love Kennesaw State! It's a wonderful school with a gorgeous campus! Socially I wish there was a bit more to do just because KSU is still a campus where people go home on the weekends. It's really laid back and the professors are very helpful for the most part. The food at the commons is better than most university dining. Go owls!
