Go Owls!
It's a good school.
Kennesaw is perfect.
nice place
Kennesaw is a pretty great school. The staff and police keep students updated on recent events or emergencies which is awesome. There are so many opportunities to network and plenty of ways to mold yourself into a respectable job candidate for the future.
Although this campus is beautiful, the professors are absolutely terrible for the cost of tuition.  If you are a science major, GET OUT NOW.
Traffic and parking are the worst here than any of the three Universities I have been to.
Kennesaw is a great starter school. Most of the buildings are new and the campus is beautiful.
This is the greediest school I've ever been to. The advisors are awful and intentionally prolong your graduation all while demanding respect. KSU cares more about cosmetically enhancing the  campus instead of opening more spots in classes so that seniors can actually get in
As someone who works nights, I find it incredibly frustrating that not nearly enough classes are offered in the morning. Its my last semester here and nearly every class I need to take is only offered online or after 3pm.  I also find the additional $300 for an online class that loads ON THE SAME D2L AS MY OTHER CLASSES, just a smidge ridiculous.
I absolutely love Kennesaw State and Kennesaw. It's the perfect suburban location. greek life, but no greek housing. Grounds are beautiful. Many awesome programs (especially nursing) Wouldn't want to be anywhere else!
Good.
Small, but not crowded. Great food choices, meal plan included in tuition. Also, faculty and staff are for the most part pretty great. Always willing to help.
Offers insane amount of useless classes, but offers only 1 REQUIRED class per semester, which is online, charges you more for it. Not just Poly Sci, happens in Criminal Justice, Edu, Math, Science, EVERYTHING. Get your crap together and offer classes that mean something and that are needed, instead of 12+ entry level classes
Decent campus with a lot of great teachers.  Parking is still a nightmare though.
It's a great school if you are looking for somewhere to get classes done and maybe party a good bit. Housing is expensive but worth it and the food here will definitely give you the freshman 15 if you aren't careful. Once we get our football team going though this school atmosphere will be different
Better school than most in the area
Nothing much to say
If you live on campus, get ready for the absolute worst internet of your life.
If you're looking for great wifi, this school is not for you
Love Kennesaw. Everyone here is very friendly. Professors for the most part are nice and easy to work with. Kennesaw is growing in popularity and reputation for good reason. Go Owls!
KSU is becoming a major player in Georgia. Now is a really great time to get in on the ground floor, and start clubs that will last for decades. It's a seriously underrated school, but it's rising.
I am so glad i chose this school. Been here 3 years and love it. The amazing housing is one of the top reasons I love KSU.
I love being a student here at Kennesaw. I have found my home here and made so many friends so quickly. If you like a fast paced city mixed with a college town, Come to Kennesaw!
I enjoy the diversity on this campus! Everyone is friendly,  including the professors.  Professors go beyond measures to see each student succeed as long as you are willing to put the work in. I score this campus an A.
love it :)
They don't seem to care about their students at all
Love the campus! Internet (wifi) sucks.... Great people.
leaving this place, not for non traditional adult commuter students at all!!!!
Really fantastic school that's continuing to grow. Only complaints are as follows: 1.) Lack of parking 2.) Horrible wifi 3.) Fair amount of traffic congestion Really great aspects: 1.) Campus is super safe 2.) Fantastic dining hall 3.) New rec center with pool 4.) Nicest dorms you'll see 5.) Awesome athletics department 6.) Wonderful professors
Campus is nice- not as big as it seems. The Commons is ranked pretty high in the nation. Fancy dishes but normal taste. Wifi is ridiculously bad at random times. No Greek housing on campus, so be prepared. Humanities teachers are the BOMB but science teachers suck here. Merger with SPSU is unnecessary nuisance but whatever
Wifi sucks on camus; Housing is super expensive- but the best around. KSU merger + football team will have ripple effects on the entire campus. Food is as good as it gets,  and the campus is nice. Bring your car, but B.O.B can get you where you need to go
I love KSU so much! Going on my third year being here and I can say with confidence that I've met some people I'll have lasting friendships with and some many great ways to break out and make a name for yourself. The Commons has its good days. And the wifi is TERRIBLE! But overall it's an amazing school.
Great school! It gets better by the day. Wonderful environment, helpful teachers
I honestly thought I was not going to like it and was set on transferring. No way. Kennesaw is the best place and IM SO PROUD TO CALL THIS THE SCHOOL I WIL BE GRADUATING FROM IN 2018!! GO OWLS!
The campus is GORGEOUS!! I love living on campus, besides the price.. but I get my own room and bathroom which is a luxury compared to UGA or Auburn freshmen dorms.. Love the greek life, I love how its a walking campus no need to drive across campus to get to a class. Pretty dead on the weekends tho cause ppl go to athens for the bar scene..
I love this campus, it's picturesque. Students are mostly friendly and really diverse, staff, too. There are a few bad apple professors, mostly in gateway medical classes, but overall, even professors here are human. There are plenty work-study, career, and networking opportunities and the study abroad programs are wonderful!
For a newer university, KSU is great. If only the internet connection was better.
I transferred here in August of 2014. I'm really glad I did. It's such a beautiful campus and the dining hall is nice. Everyone seems to be pretty friendly, but the wifi is kinda spotty.
Personally, I don't enjoy KSU because it's essentially an extension of my high school. It's a small town, but a huge student body (most are commuters), and it's easy to get lost in the crowd.
It's a decent school for the price.  However, no one respects the degree and there is no social life. Greek life sucks
Nicest campus in the state.
I love KSU!
Love it! Great school!
Love the campus and location!
It's okay, but only one good professor to every four bad ones.   Money grubbing like most schools.  Over priced like many schools.  The majority of students are commuters who don't live near the school.  Poor selection of classeshrs available.
Socially the campus is a dead zone if you commute. Don't expect to make a ton of friends if you don't live on campus. As somebody who could care less about "Greek Life" I can't answer you there. It is an okay school. Most people are focused on getting in and getting out. Which is okay with me. The college is not very open to new ideas.
Wonderful school, wonderful campus and buildings, growing like mad to accommodate students.
Great school, great campus. Enjoyed my time there!
Awesome school with great professors who challenge each student.
The campus green and other common areas are real nice, there is a lot of construction going on making new improvements that I am eager to see. The food is quite good, almost amazing really, and all you can eat. The professors I've had have all been wonderful.
Only school I applied to, been my top choice for years. I have made wonderful friends, growth and connections here. I am really impressed with how much this University improves on a semester basis. The location is beautiful and there are a variety of entertainment places around, local housing is OK, the people are generally pretty awesome. Go KSU!!
Wonderful campus. It's a great place to be.
great campus i love it
Great school, great location
I left my old college and was going to attend KSU for just a semester until I could transfer to SCAD but KSU won my heart while I was here I fell in love with it. Changed my major and I'm livin it up as an owl!
Food is great, grounds are awesome. The internet can be slow, but that's expected with such a large network and a whole lot of people using it for various things.
Wouldn't pick another school to go to. i love KSU!
I love going to Kennesaw. It's close to Atlanta, but still in a great area with it's own city and things to do. I wouldn't want to go anywhere else.
Awesome
All the teachers here genuinely care about every student they teach! Amazing school and best campus food around!
Attending Kennesaw State has been nothing short of a blessing. The opportunities are limitless and the learning environment is one of a kind.
I hate here
I'm a business student and therefore I'm extremely proud to be at one of the top business schools in the South.
One of the only schools in Georgia that doesn't feel too "southern" and isn't obsessed with football. Best campusfood in the state, plus It's got at least one of everything around without being downtown. Socially, If you're willing to actually GET INVOLVED in the things you love (theatre, geek stuff, sports) and show up, you'll have a great time!
One of the few schools in Georgia that doesn't feel too "southern" and isn't obsessed with football. Best campusfood in the state, plus It's got at least one of everything around without being downtown. Socially, If you're willing to actually GET INVOLVED in the things you love (theatre, geek stuff, sports) and show up, you'll have a great time!
Parking sucks though.
LOVE KSU! I will always be an OWL at heart! Make the best out of your years at KSU take advantage of Greek life and all of the clubs they have.
For me, Kennesaw State is a great change of pace from a city school and for some reason it feels like it's always sunny, even when it's raining. I've liked mostly all of my teachers so far. The staff and students are very welcoming, and there are lot of updated buildings that are super nice and give the campus a great feel. In a good area.
Served as a good intro to college. I went here for 2 years and transferred out. I had mostly good profs. Some of the programs here are experiencing growing pains and don't have enough seatsprofs for classes. Commuted and didn't enjoy that aspect very much, probably a better experience living onnear campus. Beautiful campus, clean buildings.
Marietta Campus- Cute little campus. Easy to find your way around. Stingers Cafe staff is a tad rude. R.A's are helpful. Very quiet. Most people are listening to music.
Its a great school.
I wish it had a better reputation then it does. Fantastic school, and I love it.
It's gotten better from SPSU but not by much.
Its a nice campus, in a easy to access location. Always seems to be busy with some sort of activity.
Overall, it's a great university.  Cutting edge programming and a fast growing community leads to great opportunities!  I don't love it here as I'm a non-traditional student simply looking to take advantage of opportunities that will 1)get me graduated and 2)build my resume and experience level.  It's a very good school with a growing reputation!
Here is the rundown... Love our football team, love the school pride, professors are hit-or-miss, Nursing is too competitive to enjoy,  wifi is terrible, not enough parking/housing.
KSU is a well-rounded and sophisticated school. I love it here and all staff have been so great and make me enjoy learning and coming to class each day. After freshman year, I got my rhythm down and got involved so there are ample opportunities to make friends and get plugged in to the college life. Campus is so beautiful. :) GO OWLS!
If you don't want to be in Greek life, then don't go to this school. Or go to the Marietta campus instead.
Wifi is terrible, not enough parking most of the time. Lived on campus for the last 2 years, and wifi was okay the first year, at University Village, then I moved to another on-campus community, ARC, and wifi is ridiculously slow. Parking is also not too great for commuter students! Campus is beautiful, teachers, location couldn't be better!
lots of kids from atlanta suburbs who didn't want  to leave home and don't get out much. not much socially if the party scene is for you... or even if you're just looking for somewhere with normal, social people at fun events. Great campus and great food though. housing is fantastic.
The school is amazing and credit really needs to be given where it is due. The school has so many amazing brand new facilities with just about everything you need to succeed. Campus is gorgeous and professors are pretty good. You can't go wrong.
It is a really good school, very nice. I feel that the money I paid into it so far meets my monies worth. There is a lot of construction going on but I will be here for a while so I feel better that I will benefit from it very soon. They still need to improve on admin stuff cause paper work and other school paper work is really disorganized.
It's worth a visit
Kennesaw is a lower-mid tier university in the state of Georgia.
it's great :)
GREAT SCHOOL!!! more fun when you are in greek life! nice resources!
Cute school, clean campus. Internet cuts out a lot, signal's lacking. Only clubs I've observed are African American Alliance which is great, and multiple religious ones... The religious club members will stop you to ask you to go even if you're walking the opposite way with headphones on. More clubs needed, or more advertising of them.
Internet is slow. They actually shut it down yesterday along with D2L so I thought they'd make it better, but it was the same.
Really liking KSU so far!
meh
I love this college! I am from south Georgia and the energy on this campus is so different from anywhere I have ever been before. It is such a warming environment, everyone is friendly, and the staff and students do so much to help students get involved. The food is first-class. Everything is close together. The dorms are amazing. I love it!
KSU is great but terrible Wi-Fi
Great school! Such amazing food and social activities. Also, not a huge campus so everything is walking distance and classes can be back to back.
It offers outstanding nursing and business programs.
The campus is state of the art. Several parking areas, that you register for. Faculty is AWFUL. Classes seems easy, until you get your exam and it might as well be in  a foreign language. I have yet to meet an instructor that actually tries to help the students learn. Instead, they are more about reading the lecture and shooing you out the door
Kennesaw is an alright school I would say, but then again, they raised SPSU's tuition to match theirs. As a first year student, a lot of us are struggling to make ends meet because our engineering programs have been ripped with the ongoing low count of good professors. Yes, I went there. You can definitely come here for the social atmosphere, eh.
Kennesaw is a growing and evolving school. It's the most prestigious under UGA and is quickly becoming a school people are paying attention to! Everyone here is a proud owl!
Great school, but they have a lot to work on. Number one is having more class times available and more room. Second is parking.
It is truly a great school and people don't give it enough credit. I will say the housing wifi is awful, but every great thing has flaws.
The wifi sucks, and the people there are ok. I don't have many friends. I just do my own thing.
This campus is amazing. Everyone is friendly and the campus is gorgeous.
I love it here
Beautiful campus. The wifi is sketchy in spots. I hate how there is constantly construction. The construction is loud, distracting inconvenient and very annoying. Parking situation is a mess, i ride the bob. I do feel safe as i know there is a ton of police and security. I love the diversity especially adult learners. Prices seem to go up every sem
The biggest problem with Kennesaw is that it is tying to hard to become a first tier university and besetting to itself all the problems of modern academia including wasteful spending and PC stupidity, especially a student interaction policy that can only define harrassment by requiring you to know a person's internal monologue without exception.
The campus is beautiful, with the exception of the constant construction going on. There are a million student services (we even have our own psychiatrist) and a million clubs to join. The trick is finding one that fits your schedule.
Library is under construction right now.
It's an average school for average people.
Kennesaw State just expanded to almost 30,000 students but they still conduct themselves as a 15,000 student college. Class sizes are way to small for the student population half of the people I  know do not have their major classes because there are only 60 seats per class room. Parking is probably the second worst due to the reasons above F Ktown
Pretty good school. The classes are either really great or really terrible depending on the teachers. Everyone has the same chance of succeeding as long as you try. Some of the advisers are a little rude, but in the end they do their job. Students here are really friendly! Only problem is limited study spots.
The school is so focused on making money by bringing in more students that overlooked things like: parking, having enough classes, having enough seats in the dining hall, having enough dorms, and how much time it takes to commute between campuses. Hey, at least we have a football team and a gym like Georgia Southern's! Priorities? I'd go elsewhere.
KSU is a really nice school to be at, however they didn't handle the merger with SPSU well. At all. Lack of classes, parking, and many other things leaves KSU in a bad spot after a big merger. The internet is awful in every way, so that's never good. They do really need to care more about students before accepting so many of them.
There's a LOT of construction and confusion from the merge with Southern Poly. The school is doing its best to keep up and accommodate the new students, but they're having difficulties. Good professors and staff.
KSU is undergoing lots of improvements and changes, however KSU truly cares about it's students. I love it here... all faculty/staff I've come across are very helpful. The cafeteria is one of a kind, the library is massive, there are ample clubs and social opportunities for anyone willing to seek them out, and the classes are not too hard or easy.
I love KSU so far! Its going to continue to get better and better.
I've grown up in Kennesaw and I dreaded going to KSU at first. It's an easy environment to adapt to and enjoy. As far as social events go, you have to go out and find organizations to spend time with if you don't live on or around campus. With the merger, there's not enough room for everyone and registration has only gotten tougher. I like it here.
I'll be transferring out of state in May, but KSU was a good starting place for me. You definitely have to make opportunities happen for you, no one is going to pull you into having fun here; however, it is possible to have some fun.
KSU, once home to Ryan Seacrest. This place is pretty awesome. There are lots of opportunities to get involved around campus, but you have to leave your room and try stuff! Best aspects- culinary services, friendly professors, and walkability of campus. Worst aspects: parking, high fees and tuition, poor planning of class prereqs. (spec Com major)
Coming to a school far away from my home town was scary at first, but kennesaw is a great place and the school is like a second home now. The campus is nice, the dorms are great, and the food is amazing. The negatives are the spotty wifi and the fact that the commons doesn't have enough seats for the number of students. Overall I love it here.
I came from out of state, so didn't really know what I was walking into. From what I hear, Kennesaw isn't the best of schools, especially when you're competing with graduates from UGA, Georgia Tech, and Emory. Food, amazing. Campus, amazing. Scholarships are all but nonexistent due to "lack of alumni donors."
It can have problems with registration and such, but it's about what'd you expect of a big college. The faculty loves the school and genuinely care about the students. The dorms are amazing, but there are plenty of great places to live off campus too. The biggest downside I've seen is that a lot of people go home on weekends so campus will be dead.
A beautiful campus full of dull people.
KSAW is alright. Not much both on or around campus. Not a college town either. Campus is nice but theres a lot of commuter students and even greek life isn't that great so its hard to make good friends.
Love Kennesaw State!!
Love KSU
It'll get you a degree, but don't expect it to be the best. It's kinda hard to be proud of it since there are so many people there. It is a four year college but is treated as a two year since everyone commutes from far distances. If you put a high emphasis on your social life, this is not the place for you.
It's great. I just wish it had a reputation as more than a state school.
I hear people complain about KSU, but I love it here. I planned on transferring out when I first got here, but I am about to graduate here, and I'm so happy I stayed. I've made so many close friends, and I found a major I really love. Most of the professors I have had care about students, the campus is clean, and theres plenty to do in Kennesaw.
This school is corrupt and cares little for its student body. They are currently mandating students formerly of SPSU to retake classes already completed to satisfy hidden merger rules, ALL AT THE EXPENSE OF THE STUDENT! Take a class, pass, take it again next year and repay for it. This is what you will find at KSU. Corruption State University
Great school! Very happy with my education
It's a great choice for people in Georgia. I like the rec and club sports here. Really nice place. Everything is not bad. KSU is better than most universities in GA.
Kennesaw State is a great school. Kennesaw State does not make things happen for you. You have to make them happen. I dont have problems with registration because I became an honors student. I have a social life becuase I went out and joined clubs. Kennesaw State makes everything possible if you take some time and look for it, which is not hard.
I just transferred to Kennesaw & I really like it! It has a great campus feel, not too big or too small & it is beautiful! It is very diverse, so you can meet many different people. The food is great, The Commons even got an award for it! Definitely recommend it if you want an inexpensive, yet fun college experience.
KSU is a great University when you actually get out of your dorm and do something. Food is delicious. Love it here.
I transferred from another school so all the housing and most of the classes we needed were full. I understand slim pickings, but I have gotten stuck with some of the WORST teachers I have ever taken. Campus is beautiful. I love the dorms. Food is ok. After the new merge with SP, my friend can't take some of the classes he needs for his major.
love it
Great up and coming school.
I transferred from an HBCU and KSU is waaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaaay better! With it being 30 minutes away from Atlanta and it being in a good economic area itself the job opportunities are endless! The student housing around Kennesaw is beautiful and create a nice atmosphere.
Kennesaw is a great school if you have low standards. There is no student life unless you are in a frat/sorority. Campus is beautiful when it is cleaned up. Usually there is trash thrown around and ice cream around the commons floors. But the students are very nice. Overall, there are enough majors here to fall back on if you change your mind.
The professors are great. I don't like that they have moved most of the books out of the library and off campus. There aren't as many plugs as there should be. Love the gazebo area near the English building though.
Beautiful campus with lots of opportunities, but unfortunately KSU is run more like a business than a university. KSU has screwed over its students on multiple occasions through unreasonable price increases and housing issues, but other than that, I've enjoyed going here and would recommend it to others.
Great Campus. You can walk the entirety of the campus in less than an hour. The KSU Commons (Cafeteria) is one of the best & most highly rated in the entire country, look it up. The professors are friendly & so are all the students. They have a state of the art, brand new Rec Center and the atmosphere is great. Tons to do in the area of Kennesaw.
Seriously an underrated school. I could have easily gone to UGA but I would not have been provided the same opportunities as I have here at Kennesaw. This school has the connections of a small school with the amount of energy at a large university.
Love it, especially since I am close to home!
KSU is an evolving university, what it lacks, it will gain in time.
Great location! Close to Atlanta without being too close. Campus is beautiful and the perfect size- not too big and not too small. People and professors are typically very friendly and the food options around campus give you lots to choose from. Biggest downside would definitely be the lack of parking spaces.
KSU is really great. There's always something to do and you have supoortive advisors/professors. The food is great! The campus is beautiful!
If you like a chill college that provides excellent services, KSU is your best option! I love it here !
Wonderful University to become a part of as it is a growing and welcoming environment. All help to push the new KSU to the world class vision it has in its sights. The University has a bright future ahead of it and it is fun to be a part of forming traditions and leaving our mark for the hopeful peers to come.
Campus is beautiful, friendly people. In the suburbs of Atlanta so there is always stuff to do nearby and in Atl which is very close. Very well respected school as well.
Great location. Beautiful campus.
If you join and become involved you will love it here
I don't live on campus but I spend a lot of time on campus because of friends and I enjoy it.
Excellent college experience!
The consolidation has made it a bit crazy. The campus and social atmosphere are wonderful though.
It's a great campus! I personally wish it was a bit larger like UGA but it's still a very nice school and I'm proud to be an owl!
The school exceeds all my expectations
Good school for an average-exceptional student to get good grades in a relaxed environment. Best school for commuters and working people in GA. Not a good social scene like UGA. Not a college town. Most people seem distant. Dorms are very nice but loud. Professors are nice and relatively laid-back. Very basic Majors. Off-campus housing is poor.
Kennesaw was so much better when it had a smaller student population.
Most money (raised costs from SPSU) goes to football & aesthetics, instead of teachers & lab equipment & it shows. I believe in 5+ yrs KSU will be what it says it is now. KSU doesn't listen to its students and doesnt provide what the academically inclined want. Like more classes- Good Luck getting into what you need to graduate on time.
Housing is super nice. The Commons is delicious. SPSU kids seem to still be pretty salty about the merger but there is no need to be. Your college experience is what you make it, so as long as you push yourself aand get involved/make friends, it's a blast. No one can force you, but there are plenty of clubs and activities all year long here
Great place to be away from home. The student housing is the best I have ever seen. Campus up keep absolutely exceptional. On campus resources are everywhere, if you fail at Kennesaw you didn't deserve to be there in the fist place. Student recreational center is state of the art! Love it here.
VERY unorganized administration and very unhelpful.
Incredible school, incredible administration, incredible students. KSU is on the rise and soon will be known as one of the best schools in the state. The student body isn't pretentious, everyone is there to do well but also enjoy their time in college.
Amazing Everything!!!!!! I loved and so did my sister. There are so many things to do on campus
Commuter School
It's really not as good as a school as it's made out to be; definitely transferring.
It's KSU. You didn't get into UGA, but it doesn't mean you've lost. The school will be what you make it, and I like that.
KSU has its ups and downs. Cons: Horrible internet, registration is so so stressful... too many students,  not enough classes. Parking is a PAIN. Pros: lots of social opportunities such as greek life and clubs. Lots of fun (and free) campus events. The location is very convenient and the campus is well kept.
KSU was a commuter school initially and is now trying to become a destination school. They don't have enough class choices and they are trying to limit evening and weekend availability. It is difficult to find a schedule that works for those people that have full-time jobs during the day. And they aren't cost effective for part-time students.
KSU is definitely a horrible school. Everyone in charge seems completely incompetant. One of my professors couldn't access her classroom for half a semester, many of my emails go unanswered, and my calls constantly get transferred to dead ends. Housing contracts are borderline predatory, charging nearly $8000 to cancel my apartment when I left.
KSU certainly has its ups and downs.  Ups: Food is Great. Most teachers are pretty cool, and are willing to help. Downs: Do I even have an academic advisor? Financial Aid Office is a complete joke. The school tends to leave important info that you need to the side.
I am glad to be leaving in 2017. With the merge there is not a lot of room for studying anymore because spaces like the library and computer labs are treated as social areas instead of work spaces and the parking is also terrible now.
Love it here!
Parking is really terrible. You get a parking ticket for everything with no warnings. You can never get in touch with someone who isn't a student.
Good school
KSU is growing exponentially and can't quite keep up. We've got football now, merged with SPSU, but there's still not enough parking, not enough classrooms, not enough of anything! Way overcrowded. Once some infrastructure is improved this place will be great, but until then there's a lot of quality of life issues.
I thought I wouldn't like KSU, and avoided it just because it felt like so many kids from my class were going there, but it's actually really nice. I haven't run into anyone. Has a big school feel in a small school.
Love ksu. No hesitation about that.
Most of the professors and advisers are just making things up as they go along. I can't wait to transfer out.
The campus is not the biggest but on the other hand it is quite mid sized campus. There are always lots of activities going on, on the campus green. Honestly only choice I made and was most influential was because it had a campus where you would not see anywhere.
I love it here.
overall, pretty good school and friendly student body
KSU has a beautiful campus and theres always things to do here. I honestly could not imagine going to school anywhere else.
Terrible.
Kennesaw State is an up and coming school. They merged with a university that was originally a satellite to Georgia Tech called Southern Polytechnic State University. So their curriculum combined the STEM specialization that Southern Polytechnic State provided with the well known business and liberal arts that Kennesaw State University had.
I have enjoyed my time at KSU. Sure there are things that need improvement (parking, timeliness of maintenance) but it's safe, clean,  and the food is pretty good. They definitely favor the freshmen (more money for them) and this isn't really a "college town". It's quiet and there are KSU police and security all over to make sure we're safe.
All of the scandals and audits have given Kennesaw a poor reputation. All of the building are nice, though some are a bit older. The food is the best though. I would suggest
It's the best school
Kennesaw State was originally intended to be a commuter college and is largely still that way today; a lot of students commute, but there are also incredibly nice, apartment-style dorms on campus. Kennesaw State has 2 separate campuses; one in Marietta and then one in Kennesaw (obviously). There is NO "college town" vibe. Pretty decent overall.
I do not regret coming to KSU.
The main campus is huge, nice, well taken care of. The parking can be an issue, but walking is good for you so wear athletic shoes. Overall I like my college.
Great college glad I came here.
KSU is amazing. the campus is amazing. You wont find a better school than KSU. very expensive though
Its a great school but not as great as they make it seem. And they only make the food in the commons really good when they have tours or viewings etc; and thats BS.
Great
The school is pretty awesome. Everyone is fairly friendly, but the KSU Police can be pretty annoying at times. The food is solid, but it is not as good as everyone says it is. The biggest complaint I have about the food is that there is variation throughout the year. The University overall is nice, but could use a lot more parking spaces.
I've always wanted to go to KSU. I'm a freshman and I'm four hours away from home, and KSU couldn't be a better home away from home. The greek life is great and there's many other clubs and opportunities. The location is great because it's a big town but not as huge as Atlanta, and if you wanted to go to Atlanta it's only 30 min away! i love it!
The campus is very nice, with most of the buildings having been fully renovated within the last 5 years to be kept with the times. The food is fantastic, with refreshing variety every day. The campus bus system is excellent making a car unnecessary, which is good because parking can be an issue.
I went to KSU for my undergraduate degree and am now attending KSU again for my  graduate degree.  I love that this university is so diverse and is located in a very accessible place.  I very much didn't want to go to a school in the city so this one is very easy to get around in without having the traffic congestion.
NICE
The campus is beautiful. The atmosphere is amazing. There is always something to do on campus and an event held on the green. I truly love this school! It feels like you live in a small little town with all the amenities that are located here on campus. Would not have chosen any other school in GA. GO OWLS!!!
Boring commuter school. Most people go home after class
such a great school to go to
Wasnt my first choice, majority of people are the same way. Good school for gen-ed courses. Degree not really worth much.
I live in Rome, so it's a bit of a drive for me. The Kennesaw campus is very well kept. The Marietta campus could use a little work. I don't do the social stuff because I live so far away. They have a really good reputation and from experience I can see why. Overall, I love going to school here.
Not as hype as people make it out to be, but overall the experience is what you make it!
I was hesitant about KSU because of the investigations and KSU's reputation in general, but because of my location I felt like I didn't have another option. Then when I chose CSH as my major I was excited. Now I regret coming to KSU because of the CSH program. It's a mess and has such a bad rep among other CSH majors. It needs an overhaul.
Kennesaw is not what I expected college to be like and depending on who you are that can be a good or a bad thing. The professors are laid back and very nice and the campus is beautiful, but you are going to have to work to find the social life here. Parties are not a big thing here unless you know how to look for them.
Wifi is better but can still be spotty. Food on campus in honestly hit or miss but there are other options than the commons. Professors are generally good, and will provide opportunities when possible. The social life definitely isn't poppin' but friends are there to be made. It's relatively close to the city, but far enough away it's sleepy, too.
overall pretty good and diverse, just not enough professors
The Kennesaw campus is very lively and always full of people, however, the Marietta campus is quite opposite. I love being on the Kennesaw campus much more. The school overall is great.
NOT ENOUGH CLASSES! You have to fight for classes cause there are so many students, but not enough classes or professors available. There are also way too many general education requirements, and they don't tell you that most people don't even graduate in 4 years. The good thing is that there are some really great teachers who actually care.
KSU is a great school but it has its faults. It doesn't have enough classes and professors to fit the need of the growing student body. The price for the meal plan and living is over price. But it does have a lot of opportunities if you look for them and a lot of clubs to stay socialize.
Love this freaking school
One of the best schools to go to. Only problem is parking and classes. Location teachers and resources are great
School has incredibly beautiful campus where many of the facilities look modern to the extent of literally being built within the last 5 years. Professors in engineering program generally come from top universities (typically Georgia Tech) so Kennesaw State is the younger twin sibling of the tech giant for the State of Georgia. Also very diverse!
Currently working on my 3rd degree here at KSU. The Kennesaw campus is much nicer and "newer" than the SPSU campus, but I imagine the SPSU campus will improve over time. Overall, a good school at a great location (very close to Atlanta without feeling like you're living in a major city). Many profs I've had here are really great.
It's close to home, close to the highway, close to shopping, and not too far from the national battlefield park. Beautiful area and great faculty members, as well as a huge amount of resources for current students and alumni. Plus, it's not too hard or super expensive.
KSU is a lot better than I expected. The campus is nice and fairly new, the classes aren't super tough but aren't easy either, the professors, for the most part, know what they're doing. However, it has expanded very much over the past couple of years, so housing is definitely an issue. Also, there is pretty much nothing to in Kennesaw.
I personally live on the Marietta Campus, but the same can be said for the "Main Campus". The food is AMAZING, the social life is great, its an amazing college. A lot of the clubs are pretty good and while the internet isn't amazing, I can watch youtube videos in HD without buffering. I'd really recommend this college for anyone
After the merger between Southern Polytechnic, KSU has been kind of a nightmare. No parking, not enough classes, and not enough teachers. Also, I personally don't believe the students of KSU are made aware of issues like the KSU president scandal and replacement.
Wifi sucks and everything is expensive but the campus is beautiful and full of diversity. Everyone is very nice and sociable and I'm making memories worth a lifetime while getting a topnotch degree. Between the campuses there's something for everyone.
Good School, needs more on-campus life
Its freakin' Awesome College. Its just getting better and better. The students and staff members are devoted and concerned for student success.
ok
It's not amazing (Marietta campus at least) but it isn't bad. I wouldn't call i a top-notch school, but i's not like Perimeter or something. I feel like over time it'll get better; there is still the fact that the merger happened sort of recently. Although, the merge should have been a little more graceful. Oh, and wifi is awful.
KSU truly  is a good school. However, it is becoming more and more over populated and the university is struggling to accommodate all students to the level they deserve for the amount they pay. Ex. the nightmare of finding parking, food court crowding, not enough classes or teachers, registration, etc.
The school is alright. Some of the professors are great and others are not so great. The school is having problems with over population which makes it hard when signing up for classes.
Don't expect to do anything at all with the internet. You enter into the Stone Age everywhere on campus, if you call IT they tell you to get a new computer. The upperclassmen housing is a dark distant walk to campus that makes you want to sprint to and from class because there's no cameras or lights. If you're okay without Netflix KSU is for you.
Kennesaw is a mixed bag overall I love it! Almost all of the major issues aren't from the lack of quality of the school itself, but rather natural issues from the student population growing so fast. But even waiting too long to sign up for classes and ending up with some of the last teachers to fill up, I still have great teachers!
Honestly Kennesaw needs to reevaluate a lot of the people they hire. I know college is a higher level of learning, but when more than half a class fails the class, there's clearly an issue with either the professor or the curriculum. Get it together.
Its cool
Good school but it doesn't get the respect it deserves. It keeps growing every year and I can't wait for it to get a better reputation. It should be more selective than it is.
KSU is a relatively small school in the University of Georgia system. Its merger with SPSU a few years ago has left a lot of the STEM majors in limbo, but it has gotten much better. Altogether, this is a great school. The faculty is top notch, and the labs are high quality. Definitely one of the best value schools around if you can't get to GA Tech
KSU would be amazing if they got more teachers, built more parking, and stopped drastically changing living (dorm) rates each year. I have a real issue with some of the teachers that apparently feel that giving quality education is not their top priority. The campus is clean and safe and saves the experience. Getting involved helps out as well.
I absolutely love KSU. When I first started here, I expected to take a few classes, then be on my way to transferring to an SEC school. However, I love the small campus feel you get, with all the perks of a large university. Free football games, really good food, and apartment style dorms for all class levels make staying here an easy choice.
The people here are okay, but there is absolutely nothing to do, this campus is in the suburbs and there is no party life. Amazing if you are commuting and trying to get your degree but if you want the "College Experience" do not go here.
The CS department needs a lot of work, and the Marietta Campus seems like its constantly being ignored. The dining facilities are a joke on the Marietta Campus, and they seem to take pleasure in hiring the worst CS professors available. If it weren't for my commitment to KSU, I would've transferred long ago.
KSU is still a growing school and has received a ton of recognition within the last few years. I don't live on campus, I commute everyday. The parking is a nightmare if you arrive after 10 am. The wifi is okay depending on where you are, and the food is amazing. Don't be afraid to talk to people. Overall, a growing school with top priorities.
It's located in Kennesaw, GA (aka just another suburb of Atlanta).  There's not a lot of diversity and the diversity that does exist is pretty non-inclusive.  Maybe that's mean, but that's how I feel.  I love learning about different cultures and having new experiences and there just aren't that many opportunities for that in this area.
Kennesaw State is a good school if you want to save some money in comparison to other schools. It obviously doesn't garner the same respect as other schools, even in Georgia, but I feel as thought they might be working on this. Overall though most of the classes are good, some are challenging and some are too easy for a university level course.
Best school ever!
Kennesaw is a great growing school. It has many opportunities for all majors. The internet isn't the best but it is not horrible. The parking is the worst part about it. I love this school and the campus, it has really good food, campus is safe and the dorms are great. If you don't have a car, the bus system is free and very helpful.
Kennesaw is simply OK Pros: lots of dining options, great professors, nice campus Cons: hard to make friends unless you're in a sorority/fraternity, registration is always a disaster, the only parties are thrown by fraternities, very boring
KSU is a GREAT school and is growing tremendously.
Great school -  registration & staffing issues
Is a very nice campus but is chaotic. Since they added the Marietta (Southern Poly) Campus, they don't have enough classes for the amount of students they have. Signup for classes is a competition, and the registrars office is difficult to get any help from. Once you move up in rank and you get an earlier time ticket for registration it gets better
Kennesaw State has a very welcoming atmosphere.  Classes are easy to get to and the campus has a nice mix of woods and buildings.  The food is great!
Great school, nice kids, awesome professors!!!
Live off campus if possible the housing staff has gone downhill and doesn't care at all about students, they just want your money. Class registration is difficult. Get an on campus job for priority registration. Teachers are hit or miss. My classes were in a new building so it was nice. Lots of hidden study areas open to students.
Kennesaw gets underrated in my opinion. The school wants you to succeed, but sometimes works against you. The management can sometimes be frustrating, and you're often sent to and fro looking for the right person to talk to. The housing is very nice,  but the maintenance is lazy. They do the bare minimum or don't fix the problem at all.
Housing is spotty at best and the department offers little to no help in the event of an emergency. Also, screw the fire alarms. Good luck finding a decent parking spot as well. Education is the only decent thing I've seen here besides the food and community.
KSU is ALL about increasing  their revenue/power in GA. The Marietta SPSU campus is now the neglected step-child of the KSU family. Since merging w/ SPSU, KSU seems more concerned with growing football and BA programs, rather properly investing in their newly acquired STEM/BS programs.
Entirely differeny depending on campus, but this is my average.
I am a transfer student from a small, but quaint, community college. I'm going into my third semester here and Kennesaw State University more than meets my expectations. I love my program and I feel like I am right where I am meant to be. What helps to make it a great school is having the initiative to be a great student. Be bold. Be brave. Excel.
The business college of Kennesaw is really amazing. It offers alot of opportunities to experiment with majors and classes.
It's a chill school
great school good location.
This is not a school I would ever attend if I was not already here. There are not enough teachers, there are little to no online and late night classes for the adult learners, and the staff can't help a full time worker get into the night classes available if they are full. The advisers are no help. Ask help from a senior.
I am from about two hours south of KSU and loved this campus instantly when touring! I could not imagine attending another school. I wish everyone thought as highly as I do about KSU. I wish there were more clubs that interested me and I wish that there were more places to get food ON campus, but nothing majorly wrong with these things. WIFI SUCKS!
I'm a mid-life graduate student who commutes over 20 miles one way to the campus. I chose KSU because I prefer traditional classroom settings, the tuition is very competitive, and the opportunity to network with others.
Good school for the most part, can be money hungry though
Great school just graduated i will miss it.
I'm a transfer student from Valdosta State. Honestly, the campus is beautiful, the classes are amazing and the social events are great. The new president is a political nightmare who only makes decisions for the school that benefit him. That is my only issue with this school.
I graduated this year and find it so bittersweet. I came to KSU as a non-traditional student having to work full-time. The school was very flexible for me and offered a good amount of online classes. The professors were great, knowledgeable, and the community felt safe and inviting. I am going to miss it and would highly recommend it to anyone.
I was very hopeful coming to Kennesaw as a freshman, but leave very disappointed.  Kennesaw forces expensive meal plans that don't offer great food. On several occasion they have over charged rent. The nursing program has only one good chemistry professor and the other is horrible. Most professors are not that great and registration is impossible.
For those coming from a small town background, like me, Kennesaw is a nice step up. With Atlanta like not even 20 minutes away down the highway you get the best of suburban and city life.  Its very scenic here. Alot of places have been re-done so most everything is up to date and looks great.
-s: Registration is a nightmare. Hard to find good parking spots. Freshmen are forced to take the meal plans. Expensive on-campus housing. Horrible financial aid dept.   +s: Location is great. Lots of restaurants and shopping options around the campuses. Really safe. Career fairs are really helpful. Good quality ed. (depends on your prof.)
Beautiful and safe campus. Teachers are awesome, but like anywhere else, there are a few that suck. Dorms are nice but totally not worth paying for. If you can live at home or find off campus housing, DO IT. You'll end up taking out loans just to live here. Don't let stupid politics ruin your experience. Quite the liberal school but whatever
KSU has the best professors in all of Georgia for engineering. Companies hire more KSU grads than any other, and it is the fastest growing campus in Georgia. The campuses are up to date and easy to navigate.
My siblings went to KSU as well and I can't imagine going anywhere else. Campus is close to barrett parkway which has everything
Great school, wifi is complete ass. Don't live in the village suites if you actually want some kind of leg room.
Kennesaw is a solid choice for higher education. Nice facilities, friendly people, good social networking, and more. My two biggest complaints: 1) Administration is a pain, especially when it comes to fees. 2) The Wi-Fi is very iffy. Some areas just don't have internet. It is especially bad on the Marietta campus.  Overall, I like this place.
Amazing school; everything you need right at your fingertips and he campus is beautiful
I graduate Art and Design at KSU. all my professor were very friendly and interesting. I loved many classes. also nice campus, clean, new, neat, updated PCs. Art department uses all the apple desktop and always 1 or 2 assistance  ready to help of you need, they also guide you how to use several software include photoshop.
If I could give a 0 for the food and the internet I would
Are you ready for a campus that acts like a huge high school, getting forced to pay for an overpriced meal plan, rarely have internet, deal with poor communication of staff members and two polar opposite campuses that treat each other like dirt? You've come to the right place.
Administration is like talking to a brick wall, professors are NOT worth what you pay for, most classes you wind up teaching yourself. Food is mediocre. The two campuses are complete opposites, with different majors clashing. Parking is a nightmare, fees are outrageous, and people are incredibly unsocial at Marietta, wifi is spotty at best
It's nice
No need or reason to go anywhere once you are on this campus. It has everything from resturants to endless opportunities for help to graduate.
Overall great place to be! Everything on campus is easily accessible. The town of Kennesaw around the campus has very nice apartments and every food place you can imagine. It has a small town vibe and is not just overrun by college kids.
Its nice
The campus is absolutely beautiful! The food is great and there is plenty of options around campus. Kennesaw is a wonderful city with everything in it and Atlanta is just 40 min away if you want to have a night on the town. The dorm rooms are nice and there is plenty to do around campus.
beautiful campus with so much going on all the time. safety is A1. there are emergency posts everywhere and they send out alerts when there are safety concerns in the area. they provide free off campus parking and transport busses with great drivers. on campus living areas are amazing and they have a wonderful staff. GO OWLS. HOOT HOOT
Marietta Campus: Enjoying so far but consistently finding small things done badly. Also the internet speeds are artificially throttled to annoyingly slow speeds...
I've thoroughly enjoyed my time here, a much higher quality of social life than I expected. Professors are generally really well connected and extremely friendly, at least in the schools of political science and communication.
KSU is a great place, and I believe it will continue to grow. It is very innovative and has a lot of resources. The dorms are super nice, but they are expensive. Not hard to get around campus at all; the buildings are so close together. Cute, little place.
KSU is the school to go to in Georgia.
Campus landscaping is regularly kept up beautiful location. Gym set up is great! Plenty of events is you know where to look.
I love it here. Beautiful campus, great professors and programs, and the best food on the Kennesaw campus. My only complaints are registration and parking can be tough. Growing school; has doubled in size in my 4.5 years here.
girls are mean, boys are shallow, classes are usually pretty good, location is great
Since I've been a student at KSU there has been scandal after scandal involving the upper level administration. I've noticed they do not treat their teachers with respect, like so many other schools do. I feel like they are stretching themselves thin financially. The students are nice and the teachers are too. Advisors are helpful.
It has certainly been a school everybody talks about. The students had some unfortunates but overall I think this school is a decent school to graduate from.
This school is amazing. If you can't find what you are looking for on this campus then you don't know what you are looking for at all. We even have funding for homeless students. The gym is amazing and literally has everything you need! Pretty good football team Oh and the FOOD OMG yes we have chefs seriously.
LITERALLY NOTHING TO DO HERE AVOID, AT ALL COSTS, EVERYONE GOES HOME ON WEEKENDS
Listen, it's generally one of the best places to be. Yes, it has it's shortcomings such as an idiotic board of education and the occasional crappy professor, but overall, I find myself more content here then I have ever been. It's the perfect size, bug but not huge, and it is in the perfect location for all four seasons. Just come here and be happy
I transferred from here after my freshman year because it was terrible. There is no parking, like ever. It was impossible to get the classes needed because they were all full. I lived in the University Suites, the rooms are so tiny and not worth over $700 a month. And the internet NEVER worked. All this school wants is your money!
This school is great! The professors are amazing and really make the university a better place. The parking can be troublesome at times, but there is always off-campus parking. The Big Owl Bus (BOB) can take you pretty much anywhere. Clubs are great here: you can even start new ones. Socialness is a problem for me, just because of my anxiety.
Its a really nice school with a lot things to do
This place depends on what you make of it. It's just a personal outlook, but there seems to be a general arrogance amongst the freshman and sophomore students. Only a few are actually friendly. A majority of the members of fraternities and sororities rude and think they are better than everybody else.
KSU is what you make it. Like any other college if you want to feel more connected you need to get involved. The greek life is great and very active, if you're looking to party its a good 20 minutes to a bar scene, clubs and extracurriculars are readily available. The small campus has its major benefits, and on campus housing is awesome.
Great school to get a degree from. Opens doors for jobs graduating from this university.
Campus security needs to be improved. There are robberies and thefts in the parking garages. There are car thefts in parking lots near dorms. Security needs to be visible and increased. The dorms are old and needs a makeover and landscaping cleaned up. Housing administration can be rude and unprofessional. Slow to respond to maintenance request.
Facilities are nice and the food is top quality. KSU does not get much respect and the social life here is pretty dead. Unless you have a ton of friends or are in a frat, you will not do much on the weekends because most people head home.
Internet if awful on whole campus and especially in the dorms. i pay $710 a month and i get crappy outdated appliances, roaches, leaks, mold, old beat up couches and the worst wifi i have ever experienced.
It's a good school. Food is good, and location is good. But the registration for classes is a nightmare. I end up getting the worst times and professors even with my 3.9 GPA. I plan on transferring to UGA get a more organized and well-established system.
This school has to up their requirements to be accepted because they have way too many students and not enough teaches and staff.
Way overcrowded. Trying to make all MW classes MWF which is annoying. Business school has god rep. Very liberal school.
The pre-med program is the worse program here. They say they "offer" it but it is practically nonexistent. There are not enough science professors which causes students to graduate late. They also hire the worst professor to teach these courses who do not teach and you end up failing which is unacceptable in the pre-med world. Go elsewhere!
The Early Childhood Education program is the biggest joke here. The faculty hasn't taken one piece of feedback into consideration since starting their new program. I am in my first semester in the program and have literally only learned how to NOT be a teacher. DO NOT go here if you are an ECE major, you will regret it. Terrible teachers and staff.
I transferred to here because of their business program and I don't regret it. It's a great school. Their business program is one of the most competitive in the state, and like every other college, it was what you make out of it. It's not in the safest area, but use precaution and youll be fine. I love this place.
It's cool, people are nice and the programs here are pretty great overall as long as you get the right professors, work hard, and put yourself out there.
its a great school and beautiful campus over the summer people are really friendly. in route to becoming a major school in Georgia. not many bars clubs or parties but we're right by Atlanta so its okay. parking sucks, not many teachers, you're kinda a just a number, new school president most people hate him so theres that.
KSU is a great campus. The only bad thing I have to say about it is the WiFi.
Not a lot of school pride here and I feel like that's most student's problems. There is a very broad range of people that attend. From young freshmen straight out of high school to older people looking to start a second profession. Very eclectic student body and for whatever reason. However, at the end of the day, it's what you make of it.
I transferred out after my freshman year, I had enough of the rude environment. To start, classes are IMPOSSIBLE! Could never get the classes I needed and if I did, I would have to travel to both campuses which sometimes takes an hour. Horrible teachers and faculty. Had to struggle for parking or pay for visitor parking. They just want your money.
KSU is a money pit. Only the rich of the rich attend here. Their programs are okay, their professors are not. They have few good CS professors, general math and science professors teach the same thing every semester. Pay for every little thing that KSU has to offer. If you plan on staying there for a while. Most classes are hard to get into.
Kennesaw is a pretty good school. The food is great compared to other campuses. There's a nice variety. Housing is nice because you have your own room. There are lots of things to do in Kennesaw, I just wish there were better and more bars. The internet sucks- it's slow and sometimes doesn't even connect. Everyone is pretty friendly here.
This school has changed my life. I cannot see myself at a different school. Coming from out of state to a school that is mainly Georgia kids was intimidating at first, but overall a good transition.
I love this school, but it has its problems like any. Definitely on the come up.
Mark my words, Kennesaw State will be world renowned within 20 years. There is something special going on there.
Overall good college. I love the campus! Internet definitely needs an upgrade. Love the dining hall. Most buildings are nice. People here are pretty chill. Classes are pretty standard. A little bit overcrowded at times.
It's a safe, attractive campus that is up and coming. There are a few REALLY good professors who can give you the ins and outs of just about everything they teach. Socially, it's a suburb of Atlanta, so you're withing 20-30 minutes of whatever your heart desires. I highly recommend KSU for both traditional and non-traditional students.
I primarily attended the Marietta campus. Overall, the professors are of a low quality. There are several brand new professors who have no idea what they're doing, and if you learn anything in their classes it's only because you read the textbook. Some barely speak English. Internet sucks. Parking sucks. I think I came at the worst time (2015).
