I started at KSU in 2011. After changing my major multiple times and taking years off I've had the pleasure of being at this school for 7 years now. The professors are like any school: some are bad and some are good. The athletics is sub-par though. If you want a great social environment I recommend getting your AA and going to UGA instead.
Kennesaw would be great if they hired more professors and actually had parking available. They literately have 0 parking spots left. They don't have enough professors or classes so registration is the worst, you'll be lucky if you get the classes you want. With all that being said, overall its a good school, they just need to expand.
I mainly attend classes in the Marietta Campus. The Kennesaw campus is great but there are so many students you can't sit down anywhere. Parking is hard, but not horrible. I've had some amazing professors, and some that just sucked. So use this website and you'll do great. The people are very friendly too. Good school overall.
Kennesaw is very expensive, but in the long run it is worth it. It's a true college campus and it is very diverse.
A lot of people so if you can find your crowd you will be fine, if not good luck. Campus police take a while to show up if you call them, nearly 20 minutes when I was in the building next door. Lots of professor choices. Noisy student center and commons. Some food is much better than others. Lots of events happen on the green. Good facilities.
You have to go out of your way to meet new people. Don't expect to make new friends if you aren't doing some kind of club or fraternity. A lot of people just come with their friends from highschool. Commons is good, but you can get sick of it fast if you eat their more than once a day. On campus housing is TERRIBLE. Dont expect to game here
Great school. I'm in the software engineering masters program and the professors are top quality and very helpful... not to say the program is easy by an means.
Pretty much you can be as sociable as you want or reclusive as you would like. Nice facilities and opportunities and if you are selective with your professors you will find most interesting and engaging
It's true you have to go out of your way to meet new people. On campus housing is TERRIBLE. Exspensive. There are alot of HORRIBLE professors you will wonder how and why they still work here. Registration is the worse. Coming in as a freshman you have nothing to compare to but as a transfer I have regrets. On the plus the environment is very nice.
Great school with wonderful facilities. Great teachers that care, and awesome staff. Close to Kennesaw City, Canton etc. New football team with an amazing reputation. Beautiful museum and a solid arts program, and also Education team. Also a lovely Marietta Campus since it merged with SPSU. BOB routes, close to lots of stores and restaurants.5stars
Kennesaw state is one of the best universities in GA. Go owls!
I have attended for 3 years. Most of the professors are great. The academic environment is good. However the housing and parking staff is poor. Whoever is at the center planning committee does not seem to put students first. There seems to be a large priority on gaining money, and very little on accommodating students.
Overall, the school is pretty good but not amazing. Parking and transportation is a problem. KSU keeps expanding while neglecting to actually give students places to park. I've wasted so much time taking the shuttle. Recently there has also been a good bit of scandal with higher ups. KSU seems to not care much for its professors or students.
There are plenty of clubs to choose from. But this campus doesn't really get together and do fun activities as one. WiFi is horrible. They have bad parking and constantly take your money. You can definitely find some fun but you have to look for it yourself. They just kicked a bunch of students out of their paid dorms for renovations. Don't come.
I wish there was a housing rating on this site so I could rate it a 1. Housing doesn't care about their residents at all. A lot of the residents are being kicked out over the summer with only a month warning and the new dorm assignments are going to be given so close to the end of summer that the residents won't have enough time to make other plans
This school made me feel like the smartest person in all my classes.
KSU is a huge school, but has a nice small school feel.
I love KSU I came from Cobb and i still feel at home. some professors are tough and some parts of here need renovations but all in all its not a bad state school.
Housing is the worst. Live somewhere else please. Maintenance for housing is literally non existent. Rent is way too much for the circumstances of the dorms.
The school overall is just "eh." Nothing special, nothing terrible.
I transferred here from a pretty eh school and I love it so much! The parking is good and the BOB is very reliable. The campus is very pretty and in a very convenient area near Atlanta! Food is incredible and the Commons is huge. A lot of students and always seems like a lot is going on!
Average school. Parking is meh and class registration is always atrocious. Find a good advisor and meet at least twice a semester.
Love Kennesaw great city
10/10 recommend
its aight
KSU is honestly growing and improving every year. The faculty and staff are fully committed to their students' success and it's a great place to be overall. It has its problems, but there are loads of opportunities if you know where to look and put in the effort to make connections.
Decent place to get your core classes done. Registration is awful and always a struggle to get classes. Largely a commuter school, so it gets pretty boring on the weekends and a lot of people go home. Kennesaw campus is nice and most facilities are fairly new. Lots of restaurants nearby and campus food is very good. Very liberal school though.
Easy to get around, has a variety of food options.
I am from Kennesaw and tried moving away for college, but found my way back to KSU because I love the area. KSU is a big school which makes it fun, but in the classroom it feels personal.
Some programs are good
Not much to do here. opportunities are limited. Not very lively. Clubs are boring Frat/Soro houses are far off the main campus. Feels more like a big high school. It really is a transfer school, its soul purpose is for you to transfer to a better school. The school makes you buy a meal plan if you live on campus. This is an extremely honest review
The CS program got completely gutted during the merger. Go to UGA for that instead if you can, or even Georgia State.
Small town feel, but a large college. The two sections of campus are 8-10 miles apart mostly splitting up applied STEM programs in Marietta & liberal arts in Kennesaw. Plenty of parking, an army of county police stationed on campuses, and a diverse student population.
I love Kennesaw. It is definitely a "small college" feel even though it has a large student body. Most of my professors have been pretty good. Like any college, you just have to find your niche. Coming from someone who initially snubbed KSU because it was so close to home, I am glad that I actually ended up here. I would absolutely recommend.
Registration is impossible. There are simply just not enough professors/classes for the number of students that they have. Kennesaw is not a college town at all, it's very suburban & boring. Apartments/dorms are ridiculously overpriced & not well-maintained. Not much to do socially besides greek life/clubs. Don't go here unless you want to transfer
KSU is a pretty dope school! They have various ways to either get involved or to join some club. We have Conference championship winning teams in multiple sports, the food options are incredible. The biggest downfall is registering for class. The University has such a great environment with a lot of school spirit. Its what you make it Socially
Some people hear you're going to KSU, and they look at you like you aren't smart enough to get into UGA or Georgia Tech, but KSU's on the up-and-up, so their opinions mean nothing, especially because they are wrong.
I transferred from a small college to KSU. There is a lot of resources available to the students. The advisors are extremely helpful and wont overcomplicate what needs to be done. They really care about their students. Not promising that they will remember your name, but if you need help and you ask they will give you their 100 % effort.
So glad I chose KSU. Four years ago, I was not so sure but it is honestly perfect. Great professors and chances to learn new and interesting things. Campus size is perfect and it is easy to get around. Love it.
I dont really have the time to get involved, but i think is a great school, i have found great proffessors and staff
It's Kennesaw what can I say.
My undergrad and post graduate was completed at KSU. Great school.
I transfered to uga and honestly miss Ksaw for many reasons. hooty hoo my friends
The school cares about its money and diversity more than anything else. really disappointed that the school neglects its students and their concerns. Just about every department here is out of control and the quality of teachers here is atrocious. Id recommend taking gen ed at a local college and then transferring to literally anywhere else lol
Kennesaw has a lot going for it, but a lot going against it. Partisan politics played by professors and a divided student body make for a poor networking experience. There is no real pulse of the Kennesaw student body, no real discernible vibe. Beautiful campus. Poor track record with free speech. Definitely will not be a donor when I graduate.
KSU is a great school. Huge in student population of over 35K, but feels like a small school, and easy to walk to any class. Lots of casual areas. The Commons food is outstanding, easily some of the very best. All of my teachers were excellent. They all seemed sincerely interested in helping their students succeed and liked their jobs. High marks!
Very mixed feelings about Kennesaw. The social scene is awful unless you're in greek life or a club. Reputation isn't the best. Facilities are great and the food is incredible. Location is nice. It gives you access to Atlanta without living downtown. Worst part is registration, which is a complete nightmare. Barely anyone graduates within 4 years.
I transferred to KSU during my freshman year because my other school was too expensive. I was not very excited to go here because i am from the area and it is frequently seen as an easy school choice and i guess i wanted to feel good about going to a harder school. Despite this, my experience has been great I have not had a bad professor yet.
Students are extremely driven and rewarded by excellent professors. Organizations are excellent. Campus being split in two can be inconvenient but either campus is well-maintained and equipped. Excellent gym facility in Kennesaw campus.
marietta campus is the disgraced child of KSU and everyone knows it. school does nothing to help integrate it.
They make a lot of unnecessary courses required in order to make money. I still have nightmares from taking KSU 1101. Plus, the teacher-to-student ratio is comedic. Minorities are used as props and not genuinely cared for so don't come here thinking its gonna be like A Different World.
My biggest problem is registration. I can barely get the courses that are required for me to graduate. It's very stressful. We need more opportunities for pre-med student and some dedicated pre-med advisors. However, Ive enjoyed my time here so far a lot. Campus is nice and food is great. Honestly cant wait to be done and move on to med school tho.
pretty chill
I love the school and my professors. The only problem is finding place to fit in. You really have to search to find the perfect group.
It's good. I love it here! I am so glad I chose Kennesaw its beautiful. Registration IS a nightmare, but I love this school so I can ALMOST overlook it!
Choosing KSU as my undergraduate was the best decision I ever made. It's a wonderful school.
I live on the Marietta campus and it is remarkable how average it is. There is decent shopping around but public transport is hot garbage. The university shuttle while not quick usually gets the job done. Food is bland and some of dorms are disgusting Internet is 18Mbps down 50 up. If you are a nerd you will find like minded people.
It is not a bad place to go...
I came to this school when it was SPSU as a freshman. I got to watch the merge happen. KSU's staff is quite helpful and the advisors care. However it's like they completely disrespected the SPSU Legacy. The KSU Campus is great, but the Marietta campus feels neglected. With all the money KSU makes they could atleast boost the facilities there.
There is no college town at all, so it doesn't have the traditional college life at all. I'm also a very big college football fan, but barely any students go to the football games which is sad.
I've been going to KSU for 4 years now and it really is a great school! Sure, Kennesaw may not be a college town like Athens and the football program may not be as big as Alabama's (those schools are much older) but what it lacks there, it makes up for with affordability, character, and its own unique culture.
BEST SCHOOL IN THE UNITED STATES
Clean and well maintained campus.
Love love love it here!! I transferred from a small crappy school and this was a huge upgrade. I have nothing bad to say about this school. It is such an amazing university and I am so proud to be apart of it.
Great University that is always progressing
Great Campus, Groups, Resources, etc. and overall a GREAT university. Experience can almost be ruined by UGA/SEC/GT wannabes.
I am very proud to have graduated from this school. I really liked the professors I had, and the location was perfect for me. The school has only gotten better since I left, too. My company, a fortune 100, recruits heavily from this school, so that in and of itself speaks volumes. KSU is second only to GA Tech for best school in the state.
Of you want good advising this is NOT the place for you!
Good school, have no complaints.
I live at Marietta due to a live on requirement for first years and I do not like it. Although I love my professors and classes are definitely more "intimate" than a larger scale school, I feel disconnected from the main campus and activities on the main campus. If you are looking for a true college experience, I do not recommend living at Mariett
In an attempt to compete with other universities, Kennesaw State has made the work so extremely difficult that it is almost impossible to participate in any of the social events, club activities or dining experience. Many becoming by internet association only.
Overall great school!
It's still a commuter school, so people come and then leave so sometimes the social aspect isn't the best. You have to create your own community soemtimes, but when you find it... it's awesome.
Gotta say that I have enjoyed my time here. Like everywhere though there are some drawbacks. The administration has never been great but if you can get over that then you'll do great here. There are a bunch of great opportunities to get involved in a bunch of different things.
Good school that is still on the rise but it's definitely going good places. Each year I'm here, it gets better and better.
A great environment with great facilities and good professors, but run by a pretty poor administration.
I love this school. For the most part, the students are all nice, there are great professors, and plenty to do if you want to join a club or make friends. Amazing campus, two Starbucks, Chickfila, Panda Express, and sushi. Couldn't be happier with my choice.
I love this school. I feel safe on campus. I've only had one problem before while living on campus. The RA's just did not care that I was hurt at all and me and the other person, who should've gotten way worse, got the same punishment. Very unfair.
Good school. It is an academic school, do not come here if you want to party.
After the SPSU merger, things have been very disorganized. Many professors and deans have been leaving. They have been desperately hiring just about anyone. I have ATLEAST 1 major issue with registration each semester without fail. Very incompetant administration. College of Computing & Software is in the worst state with overcrowded classes.
Let's just say I came as a dual enrollment student, loved it so much, and decided to stay and spend the rest of my time here.
I'm an animation major, and I'm super glad I decided to come to KSU rather than an expensive art school. Everyone here is friendly, and everyone is very unique! The professors want to help you succeed. The food is great, and there are countless options. I've made friends here that will stay with me forever, and I'm just heading into my second year.
This is the type of school that spends a small fortune on a highway connector in the shape of its logo but stuffs the student mental health department in the back of the education college.
This school has given me nothing but a headache for the past almost 5 years. The staff does the bare minimum & they spend money on useless crap rather than the students. Don't get me started on how differently they treat the campuses. This school is a joke. Don't go into debt here.
if you want a diverse campus go here
The main campus is their priority. Dining on the Marietta campus is dreadful, while the Kennesaw students eat like kings. They've spent millions of dollars adding a student center/football team on the main campus, but they can't bring themselves to shell out for decent engineering professors? Youtube has been my professor for the last four years.
awesome college. very pretty and well maintained campus. lots of food options on campus.
They will charge you for anything and everything they can. They assign professors (sic) that have no experience in actually doing what they teach. Many graduates wont get jobs in their chosen profession because of the poor reputation of KSU. They try to keep their research status by graduating students who have not met the standards.
Having 2 campuses is a struggle. For engineering students (in Marietta) it feels like they get whatever is leftover. Very, very small workout facility and campus is a social desert. Kennesaw campus is better. The professors are mediocre and for engineering students not much learning is going on just repetitive work, no enjoyment and understanding.
If you're looking for an easy degree, come here. If you want a fulfilling education, well, I don't know what to say. I haven't had to work hard. The administration is garbage, but I'm at the Marietta campus so maybe it's because of the merger. Professors often reward lazy behavior via extra credit or dropped grades.
been a student for 5 years now! Hard to graduate but great school I wont transfer!
Kennesaw State is a great school to go to and transfer from. I would say a lot of the complaints that come from students are well deserved. K-campus and M-campus ARE POLAR OPPOSITES. Mainly because they were once different schools. STEM departments are in shambles because of the merger and profs jumping ship, but it's getting better.
love Kennesaw state! just be aware of ur surroundings. super great professors. Always use rate my professor before signing up for that class! Class walks kinda suck if ur running late. there's cfa in the student center which is amazing
Nice smaller towns it resides in while still close to Atlanta.
I'm a 100% online student and I have really enjoyed my time here at KSU, many of the professors are passionate about their area of studies and that makes the class enjoyable even across the web. The school of business is ranked so that makes me pleased I chose to attend this school.
get in where you fit in, it could be your best experiences if yo go out and try things and be social or you could think its wack. It's all up to you.
Its fun
KSU is the worst. Almost no social life unless you join greek life, and the greek life is whack. NO parking NO class availability.
Honestly the school is great, socially, some people lack people skills
The best GA college.
Most mismanaged organization Ive ever been a part of. 35,000 students and they cant even keep the campus green grass growing or weeds out. Go to any other division one major university and then compare. KSU Has great faculty and valuable is the degree you will earn; however, Dont ask for help or information. Management is horrible.
Love the school and campus activities but wish there was a bigger football atmosphere, especially considering how much we pay for the football team in our tuition. Available classes are limited due to student body growing too rapidly. If you're not an upperclassman be prepared to be waitlisted or have minimal choices.
There are certain things that are nice and other things that aren't but that's really anywhere.
Registration is a war and will screw you over at least once.
I personally love it here. It grows on you
I don't know if its just my major or what but I feel as though the courses and a lot of the professors just do a poor job of really preparing you for a career. Through work, I have found that the best way to build credibility and knowledge in an industry is most defiantly experience. Food is good. Gym is nice.
As it stands, KSU's main campus is 10/10 amazing. It's where i've taken the majority of my classes, and everything about it is near perfect. The location, the food choices both on and off campus, Professors, and so on. The same cannot be said for Marietta which is remarkably average and doesn't get near as much love. Go for Kcampus when registering
Originally I had planned on transferring out, however I fell in love with the campus my first two years here. I ended up joining one of the fraternities on campus, and though the school heavily restricts Greek life, I find there is so much to do. The professors are nice, the campus is nice, the food is great, main complaint would be administration.
KSU is a close and great option for many students. The food is great and you have a large variety of options. The teachers are usually pretty great and fun to interact with. I have not lived on campus, but my friends seem to think it's pretty decent. Overall I think it's a great choice for most people.
It isn't an ivy league or big-name school, but it slowly growing and becoming better and better. The staff actually seem to care and the campus is actually fairly beautiful and you don't have to spend like an hour walking to get to class. The dorms are also super nice. I'd recommend it if you want a big school with a small school feel.
I transferred in from a smaller college and I like the quality of education, but some of the professors are so full of themselves to an unbearable degree. School is psychotically expensive and you really don't get much out of the school aside from a bunch of pretty buildings and new technology you're not allowed to touch. The food is decent.
I have been here for 2 years and everyone is trying to transfer, and there were two shootings in the past 2 years.
Love Kennesaw! It is growing and expanding every year. Really nice educational opportunities and professors !
I like KSU
I go to the Kennesaw Campus, It isn't amazing but its the better of the two. You can get a great job with a degree from either campus, but you won't have a blast doing it. The school is growing but it doesn't treat its staff great (from what professors say) so it has a large amount of professors which will make you miserable or feel unchallenged.
Kennesaw is by far the best place
Not the best place to be but it will do. Location is awful,.
I have been here for 5 years (finally graduated!) and I don't want to leave. There are so many opportunities at this amazing school. Take advantage of all of the events going on around campus. The gym is awesome, there are so many "free" events and food pretty much every day. You get what you put into the school and the time you have there.
I love this school so much. You get what you put into it. Free food and events almost every day during the school year, and when you're bored, you can drive 30 minutes and be at a festival in Atlanta! I was in a sorority for 4 years and I had the time of my life. If not greek life, there are so many more opportunities to get involved.
I like it.
I love KSU! As a first gen college student, I sometimes feel like I have no idea what Im doing but the staff here is so helpful and nice! The financial aid office has helped me so much. I feel genuinely cared for here and am proud to be a KSU owl!
KSU is an amazing place to find yourself and your academic abilities. Specifically, the psychology department is amazing and sets you up for a successful career/step to grad school. Love this place and will recommend it to all.
KSU claims to give students a quality higher education although they do not expect some of their professors to provide this quality. Save yourself your gpa and wallet, you should get what you pay for.
KSU suggests that they offer high quality education. Although their choice in professors is extremely low quality. Ive had professors be condescending and rude, offer no guidance, or help. If youre considering studies at KSU. Save your wallet and gpa- go somewhere else.
This school is truly what you make it. If you don't get involved, it will feel real boring real quick. I wish admin cared more about the students when it comes to safety matters, but other than that KSU has lots of potential. I don't regret coming here over GSU.
Excellent school!
KSU
It's good and cheap
Kennesaw State is a alright school but way to expensive
There's always something happening on campus, so if you get close with your roommates, or make friends as I did, it's a lot of fun. There are always people walking and the faculty is super friendly. Everything on campus is extremely accessible and at longest, a 15-minute walk to the other side of campus.
Very great professors.
Food is the best here
I find this to be a very average school and of decent value for your money. My only wish would be to have better professors, I've had a few amazing ones but too many terrible ones.
Everyone is friendly
I have not an problems with KSU. I have a job and live on campus. I love it here!
Kennesaw has actually been a great place! I met some of my closest friends here and the academics have been really good. There have definitely been professors that I wish I never had but that is to be expected at every school. Really can't complain. Lived on campus Freshman year (Pretty good choices) and off campus after that. Parking is only flaw
