Its not really challenging at all. Staff is about as helpful as an Amazon Alexa. Registration is terrible. Food is good though and the gym is nice. School has a 2 million dollar sign and a fancy bridge. Both Kennesaw and Marietta campuses are in dull areas. Not really the type of college life you see at other places.
Love it here.
Not very good.
Overall a good school so far, it is continuously growing and changing.
Great school! Beware of area and surroundings when in places such as parking decks etc!
Most professors seem to just be mediocre. Registration is a battle. And there's not a lot to do around the campus.
They care about money. Let's leave it at that.
Overall a good solid school. It is designed to get you in and out. As long as you put forth a good effort you should pass your classes and graduate without much trouble. Registration is stressful but I imagine it is at other schools as well. Not much of a social or a party school. Everybody pretty much keeps to themselves. Laid back campus though.
It can seem kind of dead on Campus. I live at home and don't have much of a social life so maybe that's it. But overall most professors are decent to very good and the school is designed to help you pass so you can move on into your career. Would recommend but I'm sure there is better out there if you want to get the whole college experience.
Beautiful Kennesaw campus. Laid back environment with good people abound to help you out. The social part is what you make it, but the school does it's job well and gets you to where you need to go.
Do good your first year or two and transfer to Tech or UGA trust me.
Definitely doesn't have the best teachers.
Half the students here commute so the campus is dead on the weekends. No one really hangs out so socializing is hard. People just go to class and then instantly leave so there's not much of an opportunity to make friends and socialize. I'm able to get to know other students in class but as soon as class ends we go our separate ways. Depressing lol.
It's nothing out of the ordinary. Very bland, not exciting, and not your typical, ideal college experience. Go somewhere else really
i. left bc it sucked
I loved my time at KSU . The college of education is incredible!
Kennesaw is definitely a 1-2 year school. I know many people that have transferred from the school. Registration is a mess which is why I left the school.
My time at KSU has been pretty good. College is definitely what you make it! If you want to be involved in the campus life, there is plenty of opportunities. I enjoyed the engineering college and being on the Marietta campus. Overall, I have had a great time and so glad I chose to come to KSU!
great school but must search out opportunities for events yourself- bad advertising
My time at KSU has been great. There are definitely some professors who don't live up to the standards of Kennesaw, but this is a college that is not overly expensive and still delivers a quality education. The quality of education you get is the standard you drive yourself to get. You can just do the basics, or you can drive yourself to new levels
KSU has one single interest ahead of anything else: money. If you're looking for a school that will work with you to progress yourself to higher levels, forget about this place. Both campuses are dead and the advisors and professors alike only show up for the paycheck. The Kennesaw campus has a great food court but that is where the positives end.
eh
The professors really care!
Facilities and Administration suck, that compared with relatively hit or miss professors make it hard to be here.
Kennesaw State University is a little quiet and dull at times, but the education can be very rewarding if you put the time and effort in. While it may be lacking on the social side, most professors (as far as I've experienced) are very caring and knowledgeable about their fields. I recommend that you get involved!
Decent school with great food.
A little pricey, but decent for a state university. A lot of the professors suck, but are still here on tenure. On the other hand, a lot of them are great.
Getting dicier in Kennesaw, but pleasant state school.
The campus is well kept and clean. Lots of common areas and seating in all buildings. Food is good but theres really not a ton of options, but there are several restaurants and other food options right off of campus.
As Beyoncé said: "baby its YOU!" KSU is what YOU make of it. The more you reach out  the more opportunities arise. Bc its a commuter school, you have to put yourself out there & actively find clubs/activities that you enjoy. Most buildings are up to date w/ multiple food options. Find those hidden gems to meet your life long friends. Hooty Hoo!
Its nice being close to atlanta but the campus (at least kennesaw, is way packed especially in 2021. hardly any parking.
Nothing here.
Its alright
Just go to a different campus
Kennesaw State University is an overall great campus to choose!!
Its not what i expected but the campus is beautiful and refreshing.
The campus is beautiful, but there is no parking. There are a lot of bad teachers you will have. Im glade I went here, but will be getting my masters elsewhere. The dorm are above average but not by much. The common get old after awhile as kinda the same meals on rotation. The Dean doesn't care about you or the issue you have with professors.
KSU was a really good school. Ive went to an HBCU before coming here. I was shocked how much Ive actually enjoyed KSU. The professors were great. All seemed enthused to come to work. Food was pretty good (if you had a meal plan). People just seemed happy. First year of having a football team too. So socially, KSU have a great time.
Very large campus, easy to get lost so make sure you give yourself free time to explore and learn your way around.
Very subpar university. If you want a cheap (quality) degree for a low price, this is the place for you. If you actually care about the career you choose, ESPECIALLY engineering, go to GT, UGA, etc.
The Kennesaw vs. Marrietta Campus are completely different worlds.
not safe, professors are a hit or miss. few good apples. Greek life is horrendous. Just like high school don't let them fool you. the food is good, but the workers are rude and are the lesser version of the real restaurants. Some professors are really immature
Beautiful campus with consistent fast Wi-Fi and a variety of good food, on top of only being 30 mins away from Atlanta. Profs really do care, though obviously just like every other school their are exceptions. Just make sure to check ratemyprof before registering for a class. Social life is a little dry but other than that no serious complaints.
