The teachers you get make or break your time here. The school has its reputation for excellent students because only those students can make it through the gauntlet, not because of superior teaching methods. Administration is poor with lousy personal interaction and the Registrar is infuriating to deal with, her assistant is the exception.
This school makes you work for your degree, but that is why the degree is so respected in both academia and industry. The library has the lowest possible IEEE membership so you end up using the CU library for a lot of journals (IEEE publishes more technical content than any other group in the world). Small classes, profs that really want you to win
It is a good school, but if you are going for EE, do not take it. The school puts a lot of nonsense courses as required, such as Thermaldynamics and Fluid Mechanics for a EE major.
A lot of work, but worth it.  Don't bother if you don't like to study.
It takes a lot of studying, but if you can do well here, you'll get a great engineering job. Small classes, great professors, and math and science out the wazoo
Love this school! Campus is kinda small and theres not much to do in Golden, but people here are great and theres always great activities going on on campus. Classes are really hard, but you can expect to do great once you graduate.
Companies line up to hire students from Mines. Our annual E-Days celebration is also wild and crazy fun. Work hard, party hard is what Mines is all about.
Great campus!!! Its beautiful hear, all the construction is annoying and the new plaza walkway thing is stupid and ugly, but still its a really nice campus.  Some of the classes and teachers are ridiculous, but overall great school!!
School produces good grads for manufacturing and production by making engineers take many intro classes in different areas but lacks specialization. Engineers are taking intro classes up to senior year which leaves no time for specialization of UG degree. Terrible choice for computer engineering - no happy medium between comp sci and electrical eng
Very difficult but the career will be worth it
There are a lot of men here. The professors are fairly good overall. Dining has improved, but it's still not amazing. If you are not an engineer, this is not the place for you. The classes are very difficult at first, but they get easier as you go along.
its one of the best engineering schools in the nation. very few cute girls around though
Its all about the education. Don't expect to attend Mines and have any sort of social life... But then, you already knew that, didn't you?
Not my vibe, I am transferring from this school. If you're not a petroleum engineer from Texas with conservative christian values, you won't fit in here. Many spoiled kids attending on their daddy's dime. If you had no social life in high school, are extremely ignorant about the world, but are talented at math and science, this is your school.
You're gonna make the big bucks here
I went to Mines as a grad student. Good profs for the most part. Administrative hoops and hurdles are more difficult than the course work itself. Of the three schools I've attended, Mines is the most tediously bureacratic mess I've experienced. Office staff (admissions, healthcare, and the office of graduate studies)is very unhelpful unfriendly.
Mines is a great school! I was looking for an engineering/science school that was on the smaller size and that is exactly what mines is. The location is perfect in Golden with plenty of things to do in the surrounding area. The feeling that I will graduate with a solid education and a job offer definitely makes all the hard work it takes worth it.
Great School. Top knotch profs and tough as hell. Plan on spending every waking moment studying something. Even your dreams will have an anxiety filled studying theme. Paperwork though can be overwhelming and don't expect help for the Office of Graduate Studes. Awful, nasty, people abound.
Course work can be managed, however say hello to no social events.
This school is all about the money. They constantly talk about their sense of community, but offer no help to student with financial needs. If your parents don't make more than six digits a year, don't expect to go to this school successfully.
Mines is very unique.  It's stressful, intense, and sometimes plain stupid.  If you aren't 1000% sure about attending this school, save some time and don't come. There is a high drop out rate here and many unhappy people.  The upside of this school is the people watching and job opportunities. I'm proud to be a Mine's student but it comes with pain
Many people enjoy their time here at Mines and I am elated to see many of my peers going off to do successful things!
Be warned- your parents want you to be an engineer, but if you can't do integrals in your sleep going in, you're going to have a bad time.
Everyone says you can't have a social life if you go here, but I've kept a 3.9 gpa and still gone out every weekend. Sure, I have to sacrifice sleep quite often, but I'm young and can do that. It's all about balance. If you devote all of your time to school, you'll hate it. But if you don't go to class and party too much, you won't make it.
This is my dream school, everything about it is great, it is challenging, exciting, and rough.  It is both raw and polished, and the education I am recieving will greatly enhance the quality of my life.
Good School.
Among the top of the most expensive public schools. They'll show you the nice, new buildings but not the old ones where you'll actually have to go to class. They also have a reputation to keep here so professors will make your life unnecessarily difficult. If you don't mind sacrificing a fun college experience, then you should come here.
Love it here! Would recommend to anyone!
It's a tough engineering school, but apparently it pays off because company lineup for our grads every year.
This school is tough but I love it
Best. School. Ever.
Great school if engineering is your passion. You'll find a lot of like minded folks here. Work hard and it'll pay off! Interned at Toyota because of this school and some mechanic background. Also, lost a relationship because no life.
