Like any ABET accredited engineering program, it is tough and 18 credit hours is like a full-time job. Professors expect you to fill in the blanks and really learn the material on your own time. However, Mines is a fantastic school because of it. Also, it is very possible to have a social life and a 4.0 so long as you have time management skills.
Mines has it's ups and downs.  It feels like mostly downs but when you take a step back you can see all of the amazing opportunities it provides.
Mines is hard, that's a given. Even if high school was easy you are going to be pushed. Never gotten less than an A? Learn to be happy to get a C. But its worth it. Here you really get what you put into it. Orediggers can be social to0 (just ask anyone about E-Days) and Colorado is truly beautiful and colorful. If its what you love go for it.
Mine's has been the biggest lovehate relationship I've ever been in.  During the school year it generally sucks as there's a lot of studying and homework.  Now that I'm a senior and in the final stretch, I am grateful to have a job and know the hard work has paid off.  Mine's is all about sticking to the program even if a couple classes are failed
Good school and stuff.
Mines is hard but worth it with there amazing job opportunities and placement. A lot of people complain but if you're ready to work hard then this is the place for you in engineering.
One of the best university for engineering in the central of United States. Graduates are well respected in certain fields such as Petroleum Engineering and Geophysics. Most students in these two majors would have a decent job offer before graduation. However, it's really a educational school instead of a party school, so prepare to get bored.
It is a hard place to be but it is easy to find a home here. Not nearly as bad as the rumors are about engineers. Always something to do and the people are probably the most down to earth people you will meet.
Mines is an awesome school and will give you awesome opportunities but you have to work for it. You don't have to be the smartest student to do well here and graduate but you do have to put the work and time in. I worked hard but still had a lot of fun and got to ski a bunch. Your life doesn't have to be just school nor should it be.
Amazing campus, amazing profs, 3-1 male to female ratio. Wonderful location for skiing, but lots of homework to supplement.
Great school.
Mines is awesome. You work hard, your life will suck, but in the end it'll all be worth it.
Mines has a wonderful support system that makes this very difficult school, the best experience of your life. Campus is gorgeous, the people are funny in their own nerdy way, and there is always something happening on Kafadar Commons.
Come here, you will love it
This school is extremely hard and mentally draining. I'm here for the money $$
Overall, its a great school, but some days are stressful. But don't worry you will get a great job in the end!!!
One word says it all..... the ratio :(
It's not social desert like most people describe it. If you are a student in mines and you think you don't have a social life it's because of you. Look at all the people around you they're all nice and willing to know anyone. I'm having a great social life in here we party every weekend and study together on weekdays. Please don't make me leave!
This school has been absolutely awesome to me! It is hard and you definitely get your money's worth here. The social life has not been bad, if you are somewhat social then you can easily stand out and make a lot of friends
This school will prepare you for industry, the rest is as good as you make it to be.
Love the school it is right up my alley. People around here are really nice and i don't want to  leave Colorado. You will get a job when you graduate and make a good amount of money if you look for a job. If you want a GF you better be the best looking guy around and be social(all the good ones are taken).
The reputation of this school proceeds itself. You come here to get a job, not lallygag  around.
People are very kind.
This school makes me want to pull my hair out many times throughout the work due to the workload but at the end of the day, I know that we wouldn't be such a prestigious school if they didn't push us.  I can't imagine mself anywhere else.
Mines will push you to your limits often, but at the end of the day I will always be grateful to go here and to be surrounded by people that all take their education very seriously. Within Mines, it's easy to find a community you feel welcome to. Everyone is always there to help each other get through it together
Great education. Top notch.
Really difficult and time consuming.
Top Engineering school multiple years running, Mines has several programs that are #1 in the Nation.  Career Fairs give tons of opportunities for internships, and the profs are keen to help students and passionate about what they teach.  Socially, you just need to join clubs.  The school is hard (did a comparison between Mines' tests and MIT).
CSM is a great school for any person who was a little on the nerdy side in High School.  The alumni are extremly active and look for CSM grads when they are hiring.
Spending the best 4 years of my life without having to worry about my future :) Thanks to mines!
Look it up; gorgeous place to go to school. Very well-respected. Often hear, "if you graduate from Mines, you've punched your ticket." However, the curriculum is extremely challenging with way too much of a workload, which doesn't seem to irk them. Prepare for tough exams, TONS of homework, and few females. Older profs thinning out; younger  :)
Opportunities abound at Colorado School of Mines. The size of the school is perfect too. You'll be able to get deeply involved in clubs, get into research as an undergraduate, know all of your professors by name (and they all know you by name), go into office hours and get help without having to wait, and quickly get across campus.
A confidence inspiring education with a great reputation and opportunities abound.
Awesome school, great campus.
Don't come here if you want a fun college experience, it will give you  good degree but you'll hate your life for four years.
Constant work and no downtime really. Never a break!
The people and the academics at Mines are awesome
Compared to CU and CSU, Mines social life and party scene might be "dull" and "boring", but there is still plenty of events, especially around E-days, that make up for it. Mines is a place where knowledge flows through the majestic campus, and if you care about having a successful future in engineering or comp sci, there's no better place.
Great school except the administration. They are all liars and fakes and only care about themselves. Most are only worried about their paycheck instead of the morale of the community. They are salesmen and snakes do NOT trust them
Mines is a very special community of hardworking students. Not much social life, but you're here for a degree after all so there's the perfect amount I believe. It's also located in the best town and right next to the mountains so if you do have a break from school, there's plenty to explore. Great for out of school opportunities and amazing rep.
Great education
Everyone who can make it through Mines is super smart and will end up with a great job, but it is definitely a challenge to make it through. Though there is not a great reputation for being social, there are some very fun people at Mines.
Graduation process is extremely disorganized and outdated. Administrative details are poorly communicatedmaking room for a lot of chaos surrounding a ceremony that should be celebratory, not stressful.
I love this school, and I am constantly reminded each and every day that I made the best possible choice by coming here. For Engineering, you cannot find a better school.
CSM has a distinguished reputation. The course work is pretty difficult, but if you pay attention in class and try, you'll do fine! Golden is a really nice quiet town, and there's plenty of housing and lovely scenery.
Amazing school, food is meh though.
Good school that beats you down over and over again so that maybe someday you can crawl away with a degree.
I like it here. I live on campus right now and it's fine. The food is good, not great, but good, and classes are great. Professors are great so far, and I have no major complaints. The wifi could be better. Overall a 8/10.
Good place to LEARN in PEACE. Fun can be had, but it's the kind of fun that leaves you remembering who and where you are, with a completely non-sore butthole.
