Mines will your first step in learning how a modern engineer should disregard any chance at a work/life balance in favor of a work/work balance. Old exams are traded like gold, professors are hired based 90% on expertise in their field and 10% actual teaching ability. Your tuition pays their research. The mountains are quite pretty though.
Awesome academically, terrible food wise, party life is non-existent
Mines has gotten a lot better in the last 10 years, but could use a little better social scene in terms of school-wide community service projects, etc. Everyone studies so much there is not much time to have a balanced mental and emotional life, but there are opportunities if you seek them out. Presence of so many international students is great!
I really enjoy it here. Yes, the curriculum and academics are difficult. I thought it was easy freshman year, but then I got into more difficult classes and it got hard. It's not terrible socially, but could use some work. Beautiful campus and beautiful small town! Many awesome clubs and ways to get involved !!
Mines is a great school that prepares you for a real engineering job. However, it is hard as hell and you will need to put in the work to succeed.
The school is fantastic but they do not care about student safety. From personal experience, they knowingly break federal laws and protect which ever students they have sunk more money into. Be prepared to keep an eye out for yourself here because no one else will
I graduated from here a long time ago. It is a school, not a place to meet girls or party. If you graduate, you will get a job out of school. I got a job, but was so bored by it that I went back to grad school. I had a lot of fun at this school, but realize you are here for academics even if you are on a sports scholarship.
Mines is a great school if you value education over partying. Compared to places like CU boulder Mines parties are meh, but if you want a kickin job after 4 years of long hard work this is the place for you. Although Golden's not much of a college town the location to the mountains makes outdoors activities easily accessible.
Not a great party school and the food is pretty bad but top tier at everything else. Education, weather, location, safety, even most of the people are super chill and many great professors.
School of Mines is a special place. Being one of the best engineering schools in the world, the classes are hard and there is quite a bit of studying, but when you're doing it with friends, the experience is amazing. Social life and parties are not as big here, but there are always things going on if you know where to look. Amazing school.
Awesomely intellectual environment on a gorgeous campus. If you try you will do well! And though all the other dudes seem to complain about the male/female ratio, as one who is into dudes, I love things the way they are :)
If you do well here, you will get a REALLY good job. If you graduate from here, you WILL get a job (although maybe not as great as other jobs available with higher GPA's). Social Scene for the most part doesn't exist but a solid 15% of mines are really cool and u get really tight w them. Highly recommend this uni to anyone.
Not for everyone, but great if it's a fit
Great atmosphere everyone helps everyone else
One of the most respected engineering school
I love this college. Great profs, great location, and lots of opportunities to follow your interests and passions.
Great community, helpful professors, great location. However very hard but it pays off in the long run.
Mines is not for the weak of heart. We struggle together and are an incredibly close community of suffering nerds.
Mines is hard. Be ready for a challenge. But if you're up for the challenge, this is the school for you. The careers and salary pay off in a huge way. Also, Golden is just adorable and extremely safe, especially compared to nearby Boulder. Just a warning, it is only 30% female but if you're ok with that then the ratio is amazing.
Mines is an extremely difficult but prestigious academic experience. You won't get through here without a lot of hard work and dedication, but the outcomes are more than worth it! I've already accepted a job and still need to complete a semester and a half to graduate.
This school is for students who want to focus on learning about engineering with like-minded people. Mines is uni-dimensional in many ways, but it really excels at what it tries to do. The school is fantastic for some and a nightmare for others. It really depends on what you want to get out of your university experience.
Mines is a great engineering school. I think it doesn't always get the credit is deserves though. Outside of the engineering program though their isn't really much. Campus is small but you kind still find something that you enjoy. About 3 guys per girl but that ratio is getting better. Really though, Mines is what you make of it. Overall good place
Good academics, but not exactly full of Southern Hospitality. Academically alright, but not socially incredible.
Honestly I really like everything about this school except for the administration. As soon as you are admitted to the college it seems like they only care about getting more new students and don't care about the current students. I really wish this would change. On the other hand the people I have met and friendships I have made are phenomenal!!!
This is the best engineering school by far in Colorado. The teachers, the student communities and the material you learn is challenging but will push you and make you feel so accomplished. The only thing I have been disappointed in thus far is Mines Market. The quality food there is just not a fun time, but once freshman year is over, life is good.
Amazing location, internet, safety, and education in the undergrad aspect. However food is abysmal and happiness is questionable at times with insane homework loads
People seem extremely unhappy here. Would give less than a 1 for that rating if possible. Some people are bullying and judgmental. This only makes other, nicer people feel worse. Mines needs to understand this, and fix it.
If you make it through this school, you will end up with a good job. That said, this place can be very stressful and people are overworked constantly, so this campus feels depressing a lot of the time. Parties are pretty bland, but I've made a close group of friends here that I will hate leaving behind.
Non stop work... little to no social life..
You make it out to what you want it to be. If you are active in the community there is no shortage of events and things to do, esp with Golden so close. Academics are intense but not over the top. Just do your assignments. Mines Market has gotten MUCH better with new management.
Although the school has a good reputation, most majors have some outdated classes with alot of professors who would be much better off doing research than teaching. I'd say people either love it at mines or hate it. Depression and struggle is definitely the name of the game at this school.
Very reputable and professional. Mostly good professors. Classes are hard w/ lots of workload. Expect high stress. Joining clubs is a must to make friends. Generally quiet campus. Cafeteria food isn't terrific. Despite some shortcomings though, it's a great place to be and will secure you a successful future.
I loved my time at Mines, but it really is what you make it. The workload is large, but if you manage your time well and GO TO OFFICE HOURS, you'll be fine. Definitely need to find a hobby, but it's not that hard with such a beautiful surrounding area; if you're not an outdoor person, there's always the Coors short tour.
Mines is very reputable school with some great professors. It's really hard but spending time with friends makes it much more enjoyable. Definitely a top tier school for those that know how to make it enjoyable.
Dont even bother with trying to catch up or get ahead in the summer, they've instituted a minimum class size that makes a lot of the courses get cancelled. School seems to love to add to the stress and I have never felt like school resources were accessible. The professors and facilities are good, but dont bother coming for anything else.
Can't go wrong with Mines.
You gotta use ur time wisely!!
This school only cares about stats. It doesn't care about student life. A friend had to sit on the floor in a classroom because there were not enough seats, there is also crowded dorms. Mines is trying only to expand without keeping its integrity. It has more kids who don't have work ethic and a bad student to teacher ratio.
Mines admin is about expansion rather than quality atm, for facilities and education. Don't offer a lot of electives; you are forced to take something you are not interested in because all the other classes have filled up or take it later in your school career which can mess your timeline up. Food sucks. The people are great though.
Campus is great, the facilities are awesome especially considering the school. There is always new construction underway, and the school is working hard to expand housing and improve the mental health of students. This school is tough. Its very hard, and you will need to study if you want to succeed. Dorms leave to be desired food is awful, use PT.
The school is filled with extremely smart people who work hard in an atmosphere that's not at all pretentious like at some big name schools.
best school in colorado!!
Come for the education, leave with a story and a job. It can be very stressful but support is there. Campus dining has new management recently and is better than others make it out to be. Overall I am happy with my decision and am looking forward to six figures upon graduation doing something I love!
Like any school, it really is what you make it. There are tons of people who love to study and play video games, others that are super outdoorsy, and a few more who are super social and love to party. People who say this school has no social life are just people that are more introverted. Problems: Food, Parking, Registrar. Other than that, 10/10
All around pretty good. Has some weak programs, though. I'm looking at you, Phys.
Grad school at least seems to be coasting on its reputation. They can't retain truly good professors, so my state school (not in CO) for undergrad that I still didn't really like was a far better education. Really hit or miss depending on your program and what teachers you get. Had a couple good teachers but a lot of others that phoned it in.
This school is challenging but I wouldnt want to be anywhere else. I strongly suggest getting the meal plan where you can eat at PT. Living off campus has drastically improved my view of Mines. Golden has so many great places to explore, getting outside during the school year has really helped me to get through all the hard assignments I have.
Great reputation, good internet, great professors (depends on your department a bit). Everything here is hard but that makes everything easy in industry. The food is pretty bad but only freshman are forced to have a meal plan. Facilities are good but limited when compared to other, bigger campuses. Social life is atypical but good.
Great school with great opportunities!
The worst thing about Mines is the dining hall and their terribly expensive food services. I love the sense of community here, the facilities accessible to me, and the location. I've made some amazing connections here and look forward to finishing my schooling here. Also, they handled the pandemic very well in my opinion.
Horrendous. Had at between 2-3 suicide emails from the school every semester. The profs don't care about you and only want you to drop out. They test on content that isn't taught and is extremely old school in grading. Having averages of 20% on exams and telling students that you don't curve is not ok. This school wants to be like MIT but isn't
The course structures speak for themselves. Some professors have great policies that encourage learning over arbitrary deadlines. Others try so hard to have a "different" grading policy that they end up failing people who would have passed easily were it graded normally. This place breaks you down and pretends their programs are sufficient help.
I've had some professors/classes at this school that have legitimately changed my life, and I cannot give them enough praise. However, for every one of those there's 2 or 3 that make your life hell for no reason other than Mines is supposed to be hard. Good luck getting any fun electives because the varsity athletes take them all first.
Good reputation with lots of opportunities, nice facilities, close to Denver and skiing, pretty good internet unless you live above the dining hall. The food is extremely hit or miss. Lots of work and socially awkward kids. It's not that bad if you find a good club, though. Campus is safe and the campus police are more than competent.
Mines is an amazing school, and one that I am thrilled to be apart of. It is a beautiful campus year round. The Mines Market food is either average or a miss, and the other campus dining options are better. During COVID it is hard to have a social interaction, but normally it's better. It is super difficult, but there are so many opportunities!
From a transfer students perspective they are horrible. You send dozens of emails and seldom get a timely response. Degree audits change consistently with false promises by faculty and admin. Seem to use their reputation as a means to suck students in, while the professors are slightly above average in terms of quality. Wouldn't recommend at all.
