Definitely not the super nerdy school you'd expect, but totally is at the same time
Mines was my safety school, and its really grown on me. Sometimes it gets hard, but find a good group of friends and youll make it work
Mines is difficult because of poor teaching practices and busy work. The school is like an emotionally-insecure high school student that thinks he's the coolest. In reality, the school's more focused on creating prestigious credentials than allowing an authentic education. This manifests itself through the MINES@150 policies and the suicide cases.
School's pretty good, its tough but you will make good friends, have cool adventures and learn a lot
I like it here. More social than I was expecting but still not that fun. Everyone here hates the school but deep down we feel better than non STEM kids.
Mines is not school to mess around at. You have to want to go here to succeed. The classes are challenging and unrelenting, the food is absolutely inedible, and there is absolutely nothing to do on the weekends. Not to say this is a bad school by any means, I just want people to know that this school is serious. But you can't beat the location.
A rigorous university with a great reputation and connections for companies. However, the overall mental health of the student body here suffers greatly.
So long as you survive, you'll come out with a stellar education. Food isn't good, and everyone's very stressed all the time, but you've got a great chance at high quality internships and will come out with a degree respected in industry.
Mines has an A+ reputation and for good reason. You will have harder classes and more work in comparison to Boulder. Mines has many opportunities but it's up to you to seek them out, you can get top-notch internships and participate in amazing research at any grade (even freshman). the campus is pretty and my teachers are the bomb. I love Mines
Mines puts such pressure on students to do well, get jobs, and push themselves, often their mental health is sacrificed. However, I love the campus, the buildings are all super nice, professors are USUALLy super helpful, the food isn't the best but once you get out of Mines Market you can find a lot better options.
People rating the social life as 1 aren't getting invited to the right stuff... Definitely lively here and almost always something happening on weekends. Food is meh but location is amazing especially if you like the outdoors. Good professors but hard work.
Mines has a great reputation but is incredibly difficult. Do not expect to get a 4.0 unless you never leave your room (which is common). The school treats mental health as secondary to education. But at least we are all struggling together? Not too hard to find communities. We all say "It's a drinking school with an engineering problem".
Mines does not care about its students, other than for their money. Of course it's a business and that makes sense, but they often try to tell you otherwise. Don't get your hopes up.
The work here is very difficult, not concept-wise, but amount. I don't get much free-time here, but I feel well-educated. The people here are super nice, although there are some incels and rude people, but they are rare. There are tons of fun clubs and events going on, less than most other colleges, but you don't have much free time anyways!
I'm graduating soon, and I can say that things have gotten better since I started. Lots of new construction going on, school is always growing. Not a super social campus but you can always find friends with common interests. The biggest selling point is the resources and the reputation. Lots of opportunities that other colleges don't have.
Great school for engineering, really sets you up for a good career in industry. Very strong alumni network
Good combination of location and academic strength.
I cannot express how terrible the food is.
Love it here. Great school if you want to go into STEM.
Very reputable and everyone shares the struggle and pressures throughout the semesters which is pretty relieving. But overall you cannot beat the education and preparation gained at Mines.
All around, Mines is a really nice choice for those interested in a STEM field. The school is well known within a large region of the United States and the experience here is incredibly supportive and social.
