Ghetto University says it all
no comments
Most of the professors SUCK, real bad. Tho there are a couple that are really good and nice and actually do teach, not just rather you read the whole text from beginning to end and expect to learn it with no further explanation. The school is ok, I'm a transefer from Rutgers and I think this school is way harder than Rutgers..
Reputation of NJCU is garbage, but you CAN learn a lot if you want to (actually go to class, take the right professors, etc). Campus life, social activities, and food leave A LOT to be desired, probably due to the fact that this is a commuter school in the truest sense.
The professors are on a power trip, play favorites... etc this come from someone with a 3.5 GPA.  I JUST KNOW THE GAME YOU BETTER kiss *ss or your grade will suffer.  The course schedules are early AM or very late PM 7-10...that's bc most of the prof's are tenure and the administration is scare of them. do not complaint to deans they take their sid
Many of the professors are on a powertrip. Not clear and the administration does not consider complaints or keep a log
Some need to get out especially the people who come to this campus to basically smoke. otherwise some of the professors are great.
It's cheap. Um...and it's diverse. If you dorm there is nothing to do. You come here to learn and that's it. Right now it's a Sunday and I am sitting in my dorm writing a review when I could be doing other things. Don't dorm here...it sucks.
The teachers here are very knowledgeable.  They will make you work.  Then again it is college.  Guaranteed to get an excellent education.  The students are kind and the grounds are kept clean and pretty.  Security, does a great job on the premises.  The shuttle is fun to ride.  Overall, I'm happy being a student at NJCU.  It's a great  school!!
NJCU has tremendous potential, but they need to get new leadership, raise standards, and create a serious academic climate.
NJCU is ultimitely one of the best schools in New Jersey, that is why I chose to come here.
Since the inception of NJCU's current president, Carlos Hernandez, the school has witnessed a steady decline in morale, spirit, equal educational opportunities, and seems to be a University in name only. Mr. Hernandez has been "accused" many times of preparing and providing fraudulent credentials to obtain his NJCU presedential position. This would
Around NJCU is a rough neighborhood, but the campus is heavy on safety and they take you everywhere by shuttle. Even if you walk. The kids who dorm are super nice and especially if you dorm, which i reccomend everyone becomes close. The showers are kinda wierd because its a communial bathroom but overall its a great school and I love it here!
It's a good school if you want to commute and have smaller sized classrooms. Just wish it had a bit more to offer although very accessible to Downtown/ Business District of Jersey City and Lower Manhattan.
NJCU SHOULD RAISE ITS STANDARDS AND MAYBE ITS REPUTATION WOULD RAISE MORE SO EXCELLENT COMPANIES WOULD WANT TO AT LEAST LOOK AT THESE STUDENTS AND ALUMNI RESUMES. IVE BEEN STUCK AT NJCU FOR 5 YEARS NOW AND IT HAS DEFINITELY CHANGED SO MUCH SINCE I GOT HERE; ITS A LOT LESS GHETTO THAN IT WAS. LASTLY, THEY NEED TO HIRE A NEW, BETTER PRESIDENT.
I first started I thought it was great. There are some teachers who actually care about you and their teaching. Some want you to succeed and will help you however some just are there for the money It's quite sad. Their math department is a joke The math teachers there are some good however everything done on computers is wrong.
It may not be the best college out there, but for me it works. The neighborhood around the college is a little sketchy, but that's just jersey city so you really can't fault them. The professors are great. They know what they're talking about. Campus is beautiful. Standing in the middle of it you forget your even in an urban area.
NJCU has the essence that not many colleges have. From the moment you step foot people  are ready to offer you help, always with a smile. People seem to care for your well- being,from the custodians to the President. It's truly remarkable and once you feel part of NJCU, NJCU will make you a leader ready to serve our community. Njcu its my home :)
wish i went to a diffrent school
Calling this school a joke would serve as an understatement. Worst decision of my life. I transferred to Rutgers after two semesters. I know I attained zero knowledge at this school and therefore am having to play catchup at Rutgers due to it. Mind you I bs'ed here and got A's. Level of meaninful educuation = 0. English dept = elementary at best.
Point Blank: This school SUCKS!!! Wish I never would have went here. This school is only good if you want to become a cop or teacher. Don't go here for any other reason than that. They make it impossible for you to transfer anywhere else. Oh and if you're an athlete looking to join teams, please don't. The athletics suck big time.
I dont regret my decision in picking New Jersey City University! It is the best! :)
This school is a joke and waste of time and money. Professors do not know how to teach and could care less whether you pass. There will be no job opportunities if you attend this school.
Great School
NJCU is a Great University, affordable compared to schools like Rutgers, you get a lot for your money.
Great School, very small class sizes(14-30 students), great student/teacher interaction.
It is a good school1
I rate this school as execelent. . Professors are very helpful and have good academicaly performance.
Love your money
Everyone is mature at the school, no inappropriate behavior. Walking distance from, home. A comfortable place to be at. All building are within reach of each other.
Good school.
Words that come to mind when i think of this school. Joke would be one of them. If you have no other option but to dorm then dorm. Dorm life is the worst thing to do. There is nothing to do on campus. Not to mention the library and gym close at the worst times. If your looking for some games then you wont mind playing hide and seek with the wifi.
Im going to this school until I can get into Rutgers University.I should have went to hudson county community college. I dont like the school, its boring . The activities are sketchy. The food is good when they want it to be, not to mention expensive.
The professors are here to help you succeed!
Very happy with this school!
It's a very close knitted school, making you close with all your professors if you choose to be.
Great school
Great campus; great library. As for your education, NJCU is really inconsistent from major to major. Some departments are top notch while others are lackluster or even sub-par.
It's a very good school if you know what to do with your life. Be active in what classes your advisors put you in. Plus, make sure your academics are on point. This school doesn't really have a lot of club but doesn't mean you can't make one up yourself. Overall, its a great place to start especially first generation college students.
best school ever
I came to this school as a transfer.  The transfer department here is a big mess.  I wasted a semester on useless classes because my advisor was unaware that I got an associate's degree from my community college.  But, the professors are awesome here.  Definitely no complaints about them.
amazing eduation program
If you're coming in as a transfer student to NJCU it SUCKS! The person in charge delayed my admission by a month a half and it's been downhill from there. It doesn't matter if you're a student with a good GPA (like me), they'll still screw you up! I go to a local campus but at NJCU everything is rotten. I'm going back to my first choice Rutgers!
Great campus
It is what it is. can't complain
great university!
Decent school. Very easy classes but very unorganized. Staff usually has no clue of anything, advisors are useless sometimes. But you come across a lot of great people. School is clean, the fake Starbucks was removed and we have a dunkin donuts with REAL coffee now! Shuttle buses take about 3 days to pick you up to take you back to the parking lot.
Love it most of the time! :-)
This is my favorite school everrr!!
