It's the best teaching college.
There's alot that needs improvement but from what I've experience in my two years here I feel like this school will change dramatically for the better. I wish there was more social events that would help students relax more and have fun but other then that it is a really decent school.
School is school. There's nothing happening here, but the education is there.
NJCU has great potential. The school is in a great location in comparison to more expensive NYC schools and universities. The professors are all highly educated but with that being said, a strong education does not necessarily make you fit to be an educator. Most of the faculty are adjuncts. The actual, full-time tenured professors are top notch!
I did my master at NJCU. The classes were easy to take and not stressful. As a full time parent, and worker, I was able to go to class at night
The schools what it is.  NJCU is a no frills, one size fits all university.  One goes here to earn a degree.  If you want to experience the social life of college or find yourself, go elsewhere.  The university does a poor job of focusing on bread an butter issues such as parking, security, fire safety, food options and helping students.
The career center is good, they really helped me.  I transferred from Montclair State, and the career center at NJCU is way better.
is a great school
I go to the Wall campus and whoever is in charge of it either hates us or doesn't care.  Core classes are hardly ever offered, the new professors that they hire are rude. It is so disorganized and uncared for that even the councilors make jokes to us about it. I regret ever enrolling and will absolutely not be attending NJCU for my masters.
I love NJCU! The professors are so helpful. The campus is always clean and safe.
NJCU at Wall is horrible. Above anything else, you don't get the knowledge you are hoping to get  and that you payed for! Very disorganized, and teachers are genuinely not concerned with what you get out of their courses. Many times teachers call out or they plainly don't teach the subject of they don't know how to teach the subject.
NJCU is not the worst University but far from the best. There are some good people who work for the university but the university does not have a great social life. This campus is just a place to study then go straight home. If someone is just interested in going to class in the evening then go straight home this is an OK campus.
NJCU it's a wonderful institution for those students who work and go to school. The professors are very helpful and the campus is always nice and clean. If you're looking to party and hang out this is not the place. Overall, I think the school is very good I've have learn a lot from my professors and I'm greatful for being part of this institution.
its a nice and very good school, it doesn't matter what you are going for, you are the one who have to put some effort on your studies. A school reputation does not define the student.
dorming is not so fun but the school is great
I commute and I am a Graduate student. It is a great program with amazing professors. I would highly recommend NJCU if you are a commuter who does not wish to pay student loans for the rest of their lives.  Also, the campus could use areas of improvement for example the projector and smart boards are often an issue, there is never any chalk etc...
School is ok, main campus needs makeover and better food court, and more vegan stuff.
Overall good. There is alot of oppertunities and good teachers especially since it is located by New York city
there is a poor transporting system of shuttles from west dorm during especially weekends. For light rail and journal square the shuttle runs once in a while and people from the university who should help international and 1 year students are just bad and unhelpfull. Food in meal plan is horrible and of poor quality and even  more most of the staff
Food is very expensive and yucky nasty! Other lazy students will drag you down. Class schedule is disorganized especially a week or day before the semester starts. Notoriously cancel class before you knew it. No help on internship. They love to keep you as their student even after you retire. Note: Students equates Profit.
Most of the professors are caring but at times you get few who are opposite. This school drags you away from completing your course by canceling your class or changing your professor at the last minute. They want the students money and simply dont care.
Safestest campus out there. Public safety is on campus literally 24/7 and if you dont feel safe you just have to press a botton and theyll appear out of nowhere life FBI. Small classrooom , offices hours you can make connections with proffesors. Most proffesors I had are really good & coming  from Harvard, Columbia, Cornell, NYU, etc
Good school with good professors. Classes are small so you get that one-on-one with your professors (super beneficial). You don't usually get that in college.
Lots of club days and events throughout the year. Campus security is probably one of the best things her on campus.
Counselors are helpful and the career center is very good.
worst school
Best Campus ever!!!
Best Campus, in a safe location and give a lot of opportunity
