It's nice college. Need to have a more field on that college . That would make it more fun. This place is so good.
Most office staff at this school have a sour look and attitude towards students. They act as though students cause them great inconvenience. Students considering NJCU should speak with other students who took the same program/professors before deciding. This will help you make a more conscious decision and can even be a deal breaker for you.
Campus is great! The food is great! I really enjoy this school more than I thought.
The career center helped me find an internship and then a fulltime job. Cafeteria food is way too expensive.
Not the best school as far as having a social life and for dorming. Its mostly a commuters school and everyone pretty much knows each other
This college is an great educational facility, for the price of of tuition you get a huge bang for your buck if you utilize what it has to offer.
NJCU is a great school if you're not looking to spend six figures on your education. The campus life isn't too exciting being that it's a commuter school. If you utilize the opportunities awarded to you, then you'll have a great experience here. Food usually sucks. Great teachers with an exception of a few annoying ones. Career center is awesome.
needs a renovation
It's not a bad campus nor it is a bad university. It gets the job done -- getting that expensive paper in your position. And it's not as expensive as other universities or colleges I know. I go to the school of business located downtown Jersey City - campus is nice just needs a new cafeteria room.
AWESOME INSTITUTION WHICH BOASTS AMAZING PROFESSORS WHO ARE VERY KNOWLEDGEABLE OF THEIR CRAFT, ESPECIALLY IN THE EDUCATION AND ENGLISH DEPARTMENT. THE SCHOOL OF NURSING IS ONE OF THE BEST IN THE NORTH EAST. I LIKE THE FACT THAT AT A FEE, I CAN PARK ON CAMPUS IN THE GARAGE AND I FEEL SAFE ALL THE TIME. THE STUDENTS ARE FRIENDLY AND FROM ALL OVER
The new dorms are quiet expensive. The food is expensive and quite nasty its self. Vodra cafe has flies every day , and a foul odor. The internet works when it wants to .
This school needs life. Its like people come to campus, go to class and stay home. The school spirit isnt there. Its a small campus. We need more student leaders on campus. If students were more involved on campus it would be so much better. Also the food is mediocre. Only great thing we have is subway or dunkin. Auntie anns or wendy would be dop
I think NJCU is a very under rated school. The main campus is okay i like how it's around a lot of things on the other hand the business campus is awesome it's by the water and it has an amazing view of NYC. They give a lot of scholarships and opportunities out to their students. I was't gonna go there until i saw how much money i got from them
New Jersey City University is one of top 10 school that has the smallest campus in New Jersey.
I got bang for my buck! You get more or equal of what you've paid for. Not very expensive, so I have less and manageable student loan debt.
ok school
Started my Bachelor's in business and couldn't be happier
The people in the career center are very helpful.
Yeahhhh this college is everyone's last choice usually because it's cheap. If you just need a degree go her. As a freshman it's ok. For wifi, they block discord for some reason? The connection is ok. For art it's.... hhh. They are very fine art-oriented and don't fund the program at all. It needs MAJOR UPDATING. Food is good tho. Little expensive.
I love this campus
