Has excellent community-atmosphere, superb for making contacts and connections, great student government, fabulous engineering program, lackluster chemistry department but good biology dept. Average cafeteria, but cheap. Strong honors program, great student missions dept. Sup-par in the arts.
Small hidden school in the country. Small community with a nice atmosphere, Christian based, good for spiritual growth... Very professional professors. The current college newspaper (the collegian) push their own secular agenda which is at conflict with the schools Christian principles which r good. well respected in area. many student missionaries
Great Biology and Engineering program. Everyone is super nice. Great school.
Great school!
Ok university, but lacks some serious key components like consistent high quality staff.  Has no PhD programs at all and the Education Dept is completely unorganized.  I'm definitely not getting my monies worth like I expected.
I think this is an awesome campus and I really suggest going here. They have an awesome automotive program and an engineering program. They also have really good hockey, basketball, volleyball and intramural sports. This is one of my favorite campus' also. The staff here are awesome. i defiantly give this campus a high rating.
Great place. Such nice atmosphere! The campus is beautiful, everybody is friendly and willing to help, lots of fun activities, amazing music, spiritual life is perfect. Negatives: no malls close to here; and I'm not sure about the school's ability to provide very good job opportunities/internships. It really depends on your major.
Great place:)
I appreciate this schools "warmth". The students and professors are friendly and know me by name.
This school would be so much better if it had a better cafe and let you live off campus after your sophomore year.
This is the greatest school ever! I love every aspect of it! =) Totally worth every penny.
You better like small towns, because the nearest population center is an hour away. You better like being treated like a child too, because the rules are crazy strict, like curfews and mandatory attendance of religious services. The internet is fast.. if you have an ethernet cable. Wifi cuts in and out all the time. Cafeteria is entirely vegetarian
Love it!
Though the tuition is expensive, the opportunities to learn and socialize are excellent. Great atmosphere, beautiful campus and an overall well-rounded college experience.
Great for fun and learning, but virtually unknown
