Nice campus, good teachers, a bit in the middle of nowhere which can be both good and bad.
It's in a location that many would consider barren and boring, but adventuring the back country roads is a surprisingly great pastime. This is a school that students pride themselves in attending. Sure there are some flaws,  but with the right mindset this is an incredible university.
WWU is a wonderful place if you are young and absolutely sheltered, the school acts as a glorified daycare for adults, particularly towards women residing in the dorms. The biology department is fantastic, however avoid taking chemistry from this school, I highly recommend taking  the chem series from the local community college.
I have never felt like an adult at WWU. You are sheltered and told what you can and can't do all the time.   You must live in the dorms until 21. You MUST have a meal plan if you are in the dorm. There is a curfew. Filter a lot of normal websites.  Mandatory religious services. Food is vegetarian and poor quality. Room check every night.
There are more rules at WWU than most universities, but you go into it knowing that since it is an Adventist school. The main complaints I have a too strict of rules for dorm students and a forced meal plan that loses you so much money in the end. Overall though I love WWU, the people, the professors, the town, everything. I'm glad I chose WWU.
The school as a whole I would say is about average to just above average. I really enjoyed the social work program specifically. Pros: Small class sizes, caring staff, knowledgeable professors. Cons: crappy food they force you to buy, forced dormitory living, forced worships, lack of respect for students as independent adults, spendy.
MORE SOCIAL PEOPLE PLEASE
This campus is very good. Small town.
Great school. Cute town. Best people.
Bleh.
Walla Walla isnt the best college town, but it has all the essentials. The campus is nice and just got some makeovers.  The staff are split good and bad.  The students are friendly though.  The food is the same everyday so it gets boring fast.  not much club activity.  not much school events in general.  quarter system so expect 3 finals a year!
The campus is relatively small but you definitely can get used to it pretty quickly. There's not as much social variety as a college should have and the staff could probably be split down the middle in terms of good/bad. Overall, it's a nice place that gets all four seasons.
I like it fine. There's like a little bit of everything here. If you want to be involved you can be involved, if you want to hid out you can hide out. There's so many choices of what you can do -- it's great!
One of the best Adventist colleges. The best on the west coast.
I was a Nursing major, so I spent two years in Walla Walla and two years in Portland (the location rating is for Walla Walla). they have dorm check in, so you can count on being noticed if you don't come home. And as long as you are on the Walla Walla campus there are tons of activities and events to enjoy! The food is all vegetarian though.
I love the overall ambiance at Walla Walla University. For freshman it might be difficult to adapt. There's a certain culture here that might be different from where you come from, but overall it gets better each year you are here.
