Walla Walla is way better than Southern.
The college overall is good, the dorms, kitchen and wifi need a few updates though. WWU is pretty much in the middle of nowhere, after your first year here downtown Walla Walla gets boring. Spokane, Portland and Seattle are about 4 hours away each. Watch out for the quarterly CommUnity and Worship credits, you need 11 Comm and 16 worship credits.
Great campus, great people.
Really great campus and people!
Good School with Good People, Business Program generally performs quite well, and graduates tend to be reasonably successful.
Like many Adventist things, decent not great. I had a very good time, but I recognize the school's flaws.
Required assemblies/worship were never something I looked forward to, and makes me wonder if they think of their students as adults. An average of 2-5 minutes of every class period are used for worship and prayer which really eats into lecture time, if you aren't very religious this will become frustrating. The people are generally quite pleasant
Great University
I loved it here. The Bio department was amazing, and most of my professors were really good. The town is small, but there are lots of close places to go and lots of exploring. The people are nice! I highly recommend WWU.
If you aren't a devoted Adventist, I wouldn't say it's worth it. Very high costs for sub-par professors, and the most restrictive social rules outside of a nunnery. Students are sent to AA for drinking a single beer, chapel attendance is required, and expect lots of judgement. Public college is cheaper and more fun. School morale is low atm.
Theres nothing but mountains and wineries around. Everything is expensive becuase of it but its a charming area other than that. Theres tri-cities like an hour away.
Lots of opportunities to get involved in different things. A free gym which is cool. People are super nice and profs are generally really good. The school has a really good vibe and there's always lots to do. Honestly would highly recommend.
University is too strict and limits things students can do. Feel like I'm staying at a camp with someone checking on me every day. It makes me feel like I cannot live outside the campus. School is very restricting to let anyone have real adult responsibilities.
University it quaint, and departments are kind since the school is smaller. The small school feel makes you feel like you are a part of a big family, but it can bog some students down, especially if they dont get out there. Theres a niche for everyone, and all professors I had put significant time into answering questions/being available.
It takes a while to get used to campus and make friends. Join clubs/music/sports and that will make more connections. The campus staff succeeds in creating a friendly community. Glad that CHE was formed, as it provides numerous community-based opportunities. The food and facilities are eww. Hate the curfew and the residential rules are strict.
Fantastic school with a quality faculty.
