This is school is going to kick you until you're down, then kick you some more.  Be ready for it.  That being said its a relatively fun place if you try to find stuff to do and there actually are parties and whatnot.  The weather blows.
A lot has changed since 2004: The campus is now actually pretty.  But what's still the same: It's a HARD school to get good grades in. Professors are open to you if you take the time to talk to them.  Social life abounds if you look for it, and extracurriculars are top notch.  I have found that people will also almost bow down to your degree.
My first few months at Case have been some of the happiest of my life. Be ready to work hard and balance your schoolwork with your social life. There are lots of great cultural parts of Cleveland with free student access. Get involved and make friends; my dormmates are some of my favorite people. Come for an education and you'll have a great time.
Heavy work load, but quality education.
Awesome school can be a little lackluster at times but I love it here!!!
Prepare to work hard, the school is no joke.
worth it to come here. sacrifice your partying to get a top education, because you will get employed from case. then you can host the partys people will want to be at.
This school is great and has awesome professors. That being said, if you're looking to party go to Miami U or something because the social scene is a bit lacking. Cleveland may not be the safest city but I've never felt threatened here. An awesome place to come get your degree!
The campus is beautiful. Yes, Cleveland is kind of a crappy city but the campus is very safe, it even has it's own REAL police department (not rent a cops). There a lot of little shops, restaurants, and museums near by, as well as major sports teams. The internet SUCKS in common areas, especially peak times of the day (8:30am to 2pm-ish).
The smaller campus gives Case a unique atmosphere that I enjoyed much more than my other options.
Amazing school with very knowledgeable instructors.  The course work is very extensive and the exams are difficult, but it is well worth the time that I am putting in. The school is very helpful with any needs that I have.
The campus is large and relatively spread out, so either get a bike, or take the school's bus system
There is a reason this college is rated among the best. World class professors and engaging classes make attending a great academic experience. Not a party school full of hotties, but there is still a lot of social life and full to be had
Once Case gets popular, it'll become one of the most competitive and prestigious colleges in the nation.
This school is close to everything you need as a college student. There is always something happening nearby. It is a great place for people who want to study in engineering or the sciences. I know it is good at the other stuff too, but I'm loving their engineering program.
I am happy to being one of the student of CWRU.
love case, nice people and so smart
It is awesome here!!
Absolutely love it here. The classes are difficult, but it seems every year Case climbs the college rankings and it becoming a very well-respected school.
the only negative thing about this school is that it's really small. enough said.
wonderful
Great school, excellent academics
Filled with nerds, but I love them :]
I chose Case because of its reputation in the professional community but also because of Cleveland and the atmosphere. It is a school where almost everyone puts their grades above anything else, and that type of environment is what you need when that is what you care about most as well. Yes it is full of nerds, but I wouldn't have it any other way
Good education, socially boring.
Great Academics. People don't care about the way they look (a nice way of saying people are a little less pretty than in other cities). There are significantly more douchy people here than in other cities. Nobody checks them, so be prepared to run into some fights. School is incredibly nerdy. It's a highly stressful/frustrating student experience.
Case western is a school that truly cares about its students.  The money that you put in you definitely see coming back to students in the form of activities, free stuff, etc.
Case is great, glad I chose it. Opportunities for jobs and research without looking too hard. Great quality of education and location.
Case is an incredible school that offers more opportunities that I would have found anywhere else...it's just that you may have to work a little harder to find them. The dining halls are incredible, compared to every other school I've visited and every single person on campus is incredibly smart, which makes it a highly competitive environment.
its horrible and lifeless. does not afford any support or opportunities for students. regret going there with all my being.
This school is so miserable. Everyone thinks inside a box. The whole system is a closed system with no allowance for new ideas and no exit for overruled and old ideas.
This school is my home. The academics are excellent and I never run out of things to do socially. The social life is unique and the culture is more accepting and intellectual than most colleges. I'll admit Cleveland isn't the best city but it is full of culture and food which contributes a lot to the college experience.
Fast internet, Broken WiFi. Situated near unsavory part of town, people get mugged a lot. Freshman get to enjoy a 1.5 mile trudge through cleveland winter weather to get to class. Parking is a nightmare, but your car will get stolen anyway. Best food on campus is a hot dog stand in front of the hospital (not campus affiliated). Ugly Campus as well.
I grew to love Cleveland. It has a lot of opportunities that you would find in much larger cities.Major sports (although not that great), a top 5 orchestra in the world, and a great art museum. I worried about Case being extremely nerdy-It can be but I found a lot of fun normal people. Downtown and Coventry  have a lot of fun bars. Great education
If Universities were stocks, I'd put I'll my money in Case Western Reserve. It rises in the rankings faster then any other school I know (and I watch), with an acceptance rate dropping 20% a year at the time of this writing. Food is great, city close to campus is great,professors are great,and great new construction projects for campus buildings.
Case is like a Patronus which simply never dissipates. Full of kind students faculty and staff which will go out of their way to have interesting academic conversations with you. Not a school for people who want to party their way through college. People at Case are here to get things done Also graduates are amazingly employable.
da bomb
CWRU is awesome, and anyone who says differently is doing college wrong
Swagtastic place!
transferring!
The cafeteria food is horrendous. The clubs and sports here are extremely inclusive and have tons of variety. The students can be quite unsociable, but you can always find that one person who you just "click" with. The work is ALWAYS hard, no matter what major you have. It's so cold, frostbite is actually a problem here. Greek life is AMAZING.
Awesome academics, unique culture of students, interesting location where you'll never get bored.
Case is great!
I'm a transfer here and I love it! Case has so many opportunities and I love the vibe of campus here. It's a very progressive campus that really works hard on accepting and helping others. For example, this week is mental health awareness week and tons of people took the time to write supportive statements in the center of campus!
its's a tough school. dont come here if you wanna party
Case is a great school to go to undergrad or grad.
You need to be ready to bust your ass here. I wasn't when I came as a freshman and soon found myself back home as a college drop out. After maturing a bit I'm now back and loving it. The work is still hard and heavy but if you're prepared its doable. Meh location, food and party scene but the opportunities are endless. Recommend joining Greek life.
Case has the most amazing people I've ever met in my entire life. Never have I met so many people who were so kind, caring, and passionate while being super academically driven and competitive in my entire life. We push each other to do better, and have fun while doing it too. I'm so proud to call 23CWRU my home, and I love it more here every day.
Weather Sucks
This school will give you what you put into it. If you look for things to do you will find them
Case is like a box of chocolates: You never know what you're going to get. That's a good thing, cause it's a really tasty box of chocolates, filled with your personal favorite fillings. Why? Because Case has great opportunities for everyone (except partiers). From Quidditch and HvZ to cultural food clubs and Model UN, you'll find your flavor here!
I love this school. Don't expect alcohol to flow like the amazon river, but there is a fair share of things to do on any given night. The academics are absolutely amazing and I fee like I've learned a lot.   If you're smart and know that you get out what you put in, Case is one of the best schools out there.
Good school, it has a good reputation as a school that produces excellent engineers as well as scholars in all STEM fields. Social life is pretty low-key, most people are nerds and are more likely to spend a weekend watching Netflix than getting wasted. The school has a very high workload, so be prepared for lengthy assignments, late nights, coffee
I love this place! The food around campus can be a bit pricey and closes early, but it's over all good. I hope more people apply to case; it's a wonderful school.
Probably better for engineers or sciences, but they are working on getting more majors in the humanities and social sciences. Rigorous academics, some professors are better than others.
Case Western probably isn't a perfect fit for everyone.  The coursework is really challenging, and the culture is really nerdy (for the most part).  But if you're okay with both of those things, you'll find yourself surrounded with people like yourself and you'll have a lot of fun!  Plus if you can survive the grad reqs, companies seem to like us!
Cleveland is a developing city that has a very great downtown area to go on the weekends with more establishing cropping up and down Euclid on a monthly basis.  Really challenging academically and really is not a fit for everyone but there's tones of stuff to get involved with that make it fun and exciting.
This campus has a wonderful group of students.  I couldn't imagine a better group of people to grow with.  We are also very social nerds.  However, the weather in the winter is depressing, making it not the best of seasons.  In addition, I have experienced a lot of stress due to the workload as have other students.
First Year, stressed.
The best. Im an EECS major and we have some of the best professors ever. Excellent teachers, motivating, stimulate critical thinking, etc. Great place
