love it so much .enough diversity for everyone to find their crowd. meal plan could use some work. college is what you make it, so join stuff!
Case is perfect for students looking for a reputable school in a fun area. Case's programs are one of a kind with amazing professors. There's so much to do in Cleveland, and so many people that you're guaranteed to find your group. My biggest disappointments are that school pride is a little lacking and the meal plans need major work. I love CWRU.
Loved Case. Good professors and atmosphere.
Pretty small school. Still, not bad.
I love it here at Case. Best decision I've made.
Case is great but there is no sense of student comraderie, the students often compete with each other.  The social life is not necessarily very excepting at times I feel as though I am right back in High School.
I can't see myself anywhere else. I love it here.
Not easiest school if you are pre-med, but there are a lot of opportunities for shadowing and volunteering due to the proximity to the many hospitals in Cleveland. Its also pretty easy to get a research position. But I wouldn't come here if social life is a big factor for you. This school is for people who are really motivated about their future.
A school where everyone is so smart and driven, but wants other to succeed.
Case is a great school that is well respected in all categories it offers. For better or for worse, it has a small-school, private feel. Undergrads are pretty well-connected; about half of the student body participates in greek life. For graduates students, there are many opportunities to meet people and class sizes are small. Cleveland is decent.
Love it.
I really like it here. I've lived in this area for a long time, and the campus and the school have always been great. The technology here is also amazing.
It has a good reputation which is always helpful when applying to jobs or graduate schools. They will work you harder than you ever thought possible and if you make it through that you will get a very good education. Unfortunately it is also very cut throat in terms of competition. Most students will ignore or hurt you to get ahead.
its awesome
This school is a great place for engineering
Though difficult academically, Case is truly a great school with plenty of good people that want you to succeed.
Great education and opportunity all-around. There is a lot on campus that helps students succeed. The school for the most part is very socially awkward. A large amount of kids do not know how to interact  with other people. The school also doesn't really support social events or "the night life" of a college student.
The classes are hard but I love it here, and have already become very involved even as a freshman and made fantastic friends.
Academically challenging, but really a great place to be. Open and accepting campus with plenty of opportunities to explore different aspects of yourself and your education.
Case, along with Cleveland (and its suburbs) and all its glory, is probably the most heavily underrated city. But I'm very okay with that, because it's a jewel that I'd rather keep a secret from the ruinous hands of large hoards of people.
Case is great for education and I have tons of great friends. You should be prepared to work hard, but you'll still find time to relax and have fun.
I cant imagine myself anywhere else
Couldn't have chosen a better school for me!
Challenging but rewarding.
You'll get an excellent education here, and even if Case isn't one of the most well known schools in the country, companies certainly know it, so your degree will hold weight. If you come here expect to be intellectually challenged. Case is what you make of it, like any college, so opportunities are there if you look for them. Good luck :)!
Case has a great reputation. It amazes me how the quarterback can be best friends with a band member, there's no snobbery like that here.  There's all sorts of people here but one thing that everyone has in common is that they're all incredibly intelligent. You'll never be the smartest person in the room, but that's a good thing at college.
The professors are mainly here for research, so very few actually care about your learning experience. Very few administrators at the school actually give a crap about your undergraduate experience. We spend too much money on new buildings and not enough money on the quality of education. Also, Cleveland is one of the worst cities in the country.
As a proud Spartan, I cannot imagine having chosen any other school besides Case. All my professors and courses have been amazing, and the friends I have met are so incredible! There are so many student organizations on campus, and I've been able to explore my interests and meet new people through joining some.
Decent school, however the teachers aren't exactly there for you (at least in the bio department). They're more focused on their research, which makes sense since that's what they do. Some teachers are worse than others though. Overall lots of opportunities, good people and clubs, food sucks, and the education you get is better than average.
I rather enjoy it here. It's more than I expected. If you get involved and go looking for stuff to do, you'll be fine.
Great School!
The stereotypes people associate with Case and Cleveland are true. The school is full of nerdy kids with no social skills (there's still a few great people to meet) and Cleveland can be boring unless you're willing to go explore. Academics are hard and a ton of work. However, you do learn here, and the knowledge you gain is valuable.
Case is an extremely dynamic campus. You have people who are really into school, and people who can't wait to go out on Thursday night. The best part is that your friends will never put you down for saying "Oh, I can't go out. I have a exam on Monday."  You get the best of everything at CWRU - diversity, education, social, athletics.
ok, but can be better
I love it here. Case is such a great school.
What a great university! There is everything for a great time from studying, making quality friends, and going out.  It's all right there at University Circle.  Not just a party school, but very high quality institution.  There is so much to do here. I love this place.
I love this place, and I dream about going back to it all the time.
Good School
I could not be much happier with the exception of the food. But there are tons of options on the meal plan outside of the dining halls which are amazing. And the replaces to eat in uptown are some of the best I've ever had.
Case is a great school academically. The faculty and programs are great, and there are many networking and professional events that are there for the taking. However, much of the school is introverted, making the social scene hard to come by unless you're Greek. If you're looking for the stereotypical college experience, don't come here.
The university is great freshman year, good sophomore year, bad junior year, and plain awful senior year. The longer you're here the less they care about you. Students have to deal with getting ignored by professors and the administration.  That being said, if you are looking forward to a real challenge Case is the place for you.
1 year left! Don't want to leave
Everyone's nice. Lots of parties (as far as I can tell) and plenty of social events to keep you busy. Also has oodles of research opportunities to take advantage of even as a freshman. Expect long walks to class.
Nice School. Nice Campus, love it here
The busses aren't great, but the RTA is super convenient for going off campus. Tons of things to do, but not enough time! Food is lacking, but the special meals swipes help a lot when variety is needed.
This school is overall good, especially for the engineering & pre-health students. This might not be a place where you can have those crazy college experience, but definitely a place that prepares you for a longer journey.
Feeling safe is the biggest issue on campus.
It's honestly just an amazing school. The programs they have set up to guide you through your years here are terrific! There's really nothing else like Case! The only thing I don't like is that those students who don't choose either an engineering major or pre-med are somewhat stigmatized, but who cares? You hardly see those other students anyway
i love this college
Love it here!!!! So many opportunities and you are never bored! 3 3
Food is not so good.
This is an amazing school! I transferred from one of the best schools in the country (ranked top 10 consistently) and couldn't be happier here at Case!
People either know this school or they don't. If they know it they know how good of a school it is. Academics wise it is amazing and well worth it. Socially, it is what you make of it. There are awesome people here you just have to find them. Theres a party scene but like I said but again, you just have to find it. Couldn't be happier here!
Wooo
Literally nothing fun happens here.
Love it here! Food is awful
Very hard but good school for mechanical engineering.  If you want to succeed you need to work hard and take what you want. Nothing will be given easily. Make sure you choose your professors wisely. Some are great and some are terrible
Case is superb academically, and for building connections. Google, Microsoft, Amazon come to our career fair twice a year. but,  one problem  Safety: Students getting robbed just a bit off campus isn't that uncommon. I wouldn't walk alone if I was a short women.
Awful for electrical engineering and computer science. Only few courses provided in each semester. New knowledge and cutting-edge technology is not available.
The food could be better, it's cold, but overall if you want to be present on campus you will be.
The size of the departments is intimate and I feel like I know most of the faces I see in my classes which I appreciate. The campus is short and walk-able, pretty and again intimate. It has a small feel but big reputation and value for education.
Case is a great school with a nice nerdy character. Overall the school has a lot of resources, isn't too big, has a lot of useful places nearby, great academics, and has in my experience a welcoming culture. On the downside the area is wrought with crime but on campus your safe (just not much further), and the food more or less sucks.
Worst food you've ever had.
I like it the workload is hard though and it could easily take a toll on your mental health. There is a lot of opportunity to learn though, and a very ambitious student would really do well. The weather is kind of bad, but overall I think the location is a good mix of things. Parties exist but are rarely very memorable. Greek life is fun
CWRU provides an outstanding education and student experience.  While the campus is in the midst of an urban setting which inherently comes with some safety concerns, campus security does a great job at creating a safe environment provided you use proper judgment.  There are many opportunities to get involved and good internship/co-op potentials.
Bunch of nerds and kids that think they are sick cause they pound down four lokos at some lame house party.
Case Western Reserve is a lot better than most people think at first! Besides the great resources offered here and numerous research opportunities, the University structures its academics to ensure that its students actually learn something and can apply it in the real world. (Highly Recommended CWRU for a balanced college experience)
Visit on a day that's not an official visit day to get the real deal. Great education, inadequate college experience, especially if you're looking for diversity in student body.
Really love it here.
I love this place. I don't mean it's the best school on earth or that you'll have an amazing time guaranteed if you attend Case, but it has so much potential. You get out of it what you put into it -- your interest, proactiveness, outgoingness etc. are rewarded here. There is so much to see and do and experience, all you need to do is pursue it.
I love it here. There are opportunities to do a ton of stuff if you are a social butterfly, but if you are mor eintroverted like me there's no shame in staying in. It has the perfect balance of fun and learning. The proffessors are usually very helpful and friendly. I love it here and never want to leave.
It was the best decision I ever made to choose Case for undergrad. It keeps up with its reputation of preparing students extremely well for both the real world and for grad school. I would highly recommend this university to students in the market for a very high quality education and learning/research opportunities.
Very good school for those in hard science-related fields (engineering, biology, etc). However, from a liberal arts perspective.. it lacks significantly. I enjoy the location in the city and not far from downtown and other venues. Not the best place for security, but use your common sense. Don't go running at 3am towards Hough or not be aware.
Midway through Junior year, had an excellent ride. Really works you to the bone, depending on major, but you'll meet lifelong friends and probably get a great job out of it. (BS in CS '19)
Putting it bluntly, most case students were either rejected by or couldnt afford their top choice school (myself included). It creates a rather bitter atmosphere of some students here, and causes much of what you read online. That being said, Ive loved my time here. People work hard & many opportunities arise as long as youre willing to look.
Great school, great city. I loved it so much I stayed for graduate school after my bachelors. Some of the students can be bitter and some can be arrogant, but if you stay away from those negative people, you'll have a great time. I met some of the most wonderful people here (students and faculty).
Great school for STEM and hard sciences, can't speak for arts and humanities (except music, which is pretty good.) Gave me a lot of options for co-ops and there are always lots of opportunities to participate in clubs, athletics, or professional societies/professional development. Wouldn't go anywhere else.
This is an amazing school! It has a well balanced environment and opens many opportunities for your future.
its aight
There is a lot of PC people, who only believe their opinions are right and others are wrong. Also, there is a lot of hardcore liberals so if you are conservative watch out. Terrible experience if I had the choice to do it over I would have. Very miserable.
A good school if you are a STEM major. As someone in the humanities it can feel isolating sometimes, but we have a strong community, with supportive professors and a diverse range of classes to take. Opportunities may not be as much as the STEM majors have but I am very happy with my experience.
Don't be an idiot that decides to be a humanities major here. I am STEM all my friends are STEM. Food is not great but okay. Freshman dorms are eh. Small classes are generally better than bigger classes. Don't declare before you register for second semester freshman year.
This school has been a mixed bag. Academics are good and show promise, but are tough. Socially, things are meh, at least for me. I haven't met a single person I could call an acquaintance yet, and I'm not avoiding people. I just go about my day. Maybe I'm just a jerk but it doesn't really seem like a community and you have to seek people out
There are two dining halls, and one is much better than the other. We get alerts about crime probably a little too often. When there is nice weather, Case is pretty and relaxing. When the weather gets bad, you never want to leave your room to even go to events, and most of the events are mediocre anyway. Great education though I guess.
It's aight....
TL;DR: Don't believe everything you read online. 1. You're in college, if you don't have to work hard you're doing it wrong. Don't take 21 credits and you'll be fine here. 2. There's an active social scene. I promise. Just leave your room and look for it. 3. The girls aren't ugly. You're in Ohio, not SoCal.
