This is one of the top undergraduate schools in the nation. Ivy's will open every door for you, this is the kind of place where if you want to do something you can go open the door your self. It's a lot more work but I am much harder worker than my friends at Ivy's. Great for Business, STEM, Nursing, Pre-Med.
Case has an excellent reputation for being a rigorous university at which you will learn relevant and useful skills for your career. I absolutely loved my time here, and found almost every student to be impressively intelligent and motivated without being overly competitive. There are also TONS of opportunities to get involved around campus.
Case provides excellent co-op and research opportunities for STEM students. The workload is difficult but not unreasonable, unless you take 21 credits. Campus life revolves around clubs and friends rather than large events, which may or may not be to your liking. Safety is a concern; panhandlers abound, muggings and bike thefts aren't uncommon.
Overall a great school. It's definitely difficult but the work is rewarding and the culture in Cleveland is more than enough to keep you busy for your time here.
alright
I feel CWRU was the best choice for me personally. Though like any school it does have its problems. Specifically, housing and dining halls. The housing center isn't great and the dining hall is hella overpriced. But, I love the flexibility, I've had many excellent professors, there's plenty of places to study and things to do. It feels pretty safe
Case is what you make of it. It's a lot of work but a lot of fun. Everyone is nice and you will find your people. There is virtually no part scene. Cleveland is a much better area and more accessible than you'd expect.
Academia is challenging, social life is not what you'd get at most other colleges, food is mediocre at best, but strong organizations recruit from Case and the name of the university will get you a foot in the door most places.
Overall I always felt there were many opportunities to be involved or find a club on campus. Research is an influencing factor, majorly emphasized and widespread, provided me with experience and helped me get my job. Food is varied if you utilize casecash and special swipes , dining hall can be repetitive, you just have to switch it up a little.
Case is an excellent school for anyone who wants to go into research, and is strong generally. Engineering programs are tough, but practical. Humanities are surprisingly good. BUYER BEWARE: The CS department is way under staff (as of 2018) and growing, so CS majors should go elsewhere until Case can hire more profs. Class selection has suffered.
CWRU is a great campus! I find that Cleveland is fun to explore once you know where to look. The culture is very nerdy, so there are lots of fun nerdy clubs (RPG, Board Games, Quiddich...).
I love it here at Case. The campus is a mix of urban and rural. It has many clubs for everything, and the food at Uptown is great if you don't want the dining hall. Being just outside Cleveland, there are a few safety concerns, but the police are great at keeping everyone in the loop. The hospitals offer great opportunities as well!
You often have to be the one to reach out for support i.e. advisors and if you meet the right person they're usually really good at what they do. It wasn't hard for me to find a tight friend group to hang out with. Also parties aren't hard to find; you just have to know the right people. Food isn't terrible, but could be better for the priciness.
Honestly, my only big complaint is the food. Meal plan highkey sucks, I started skipping way too many meals at the end of the school year. Otherwise, there are so many opportunities here. And I think it's great socially, especially if you're able to find a community through your freshman residence hall or clubs. Safety is meh, but use common sense.
Great place bad food
Case Western has a lot of positives, but in the same right, it has a lot of negatives. I've enjoyed a lot of the connections I've made here - between professors and fellow students - but the social scene surely lacks. Moreover, while the teaching buildings are generally nice, a majority of the dorms are unappealing (unless you're an upperclassmen).
Boring school with terrible location, food, social life, safety,etc.
I think it's harder to compare schools than professors considering I've only attended one university. Life at Case is what you make it; academically, socially, and professionally. There are a lot of great resources and student centers that, with a little effort, will help you greatly in life.
I love Case! Life is what you make of it - yeah classes are hard, but we also know how to have fun... Meet the right people and your social calendar will be full as well.
Very difficult academically, but Case teachers you how to survive in the real world. There's lots of opportunities for pre-health students!
Safety is a huge issue at Case. I'm a third year and you have to be careful in East Cleveland. The school sends out extra patrols when something bad happens, like a student getting shot in a carjacking or a woman getting kidnapped on our campus (has happened.) The school is also very bad at sending out safety alerts when something major happens.
This school will give you the tools to get an excellent job after graduation. I'm very happy with my time here.
lit
The college provides a lot of good opportunities, especially if you're going into health (premed or nursing or something else) due to its location right next to a few major hospitals. I'd highly recommend the college for any type of science or math or engineering major. Use good judgement when you're on campus it's urban and that comes with risks.
An incredible school!
CWRU is an amazing school. The Art History department is world class and the proximity to the art museum makes for unbeatable study.
(Not really sure why those are the only categories you can rank a school by?) The education I received at CWRU and the opportunities there are unequivocal. Honestly did NOT appreciate how incredible my education was until I started graduate school and saw other education systems. Case, keep it up. Case students, hang in there, it's worth it.
Case is a fine school but little help if you are majoring in something outside STEM or healthcare
Very good choice for pre medicine ! Lots of opportunities for volunteering/shadowing/work. Professors definitely push students to work hard and it can get stressful at times because there's so many smart students. Sometimes it's hard to be happy when the work load gets so heavy but after each semester and grades are done you see it was worth it..
great school, great reputation, party atmosphere is just ok but if you join Greek life you should be fine :)
I've grown so much here and I truly love this school. You get what you put in
The most meh college experience I could have ever received.
CWRU's marketing definitely makes the school out to be better than it actually is. Professors are quite solid however there is a SEVERE shortage of computer science professors. In a sketchy area but the school is always trying to improve its security. Food is very disappointing for how much you pay. Cleveland weather is rough.
A great school for STEM majors :-)
Case is known in the Midwest as an amazing science and nursing school, but everywhere else people say "oh... where's that?" There are really smart teachers and people here, and we also know when it's time to stop overworking ourselves. The people have a good sense of realism, humor, and friendliness that you don't get at an Ivy League school.
Overall, a pretty amazing school! It is Cleveland so safety is always a concern but there is plenty of security around to make you feel safe. People are amazing and professors care about their students. Plenty of opportunities of all sorts and not too much competition in comparison to other schools. Sadly, food sucks.
Case is wonderful. The campus is huge for a small private school, and it seems like every day I run into something cool on campus I didn't know existed. Case isn't as universally-known as some peer institutions, but I haven't met many people that know Case that don't hold it in high regard. The social scene is pretty good. Cleveland is awesome.
Love it here, great friends, great teachers. Food could be better but its a step up from public school food
good school, I like it here
pretty good
Great school
Great school, people care about each other. Weekly events by UBP that are super fun and you get free stuff so 10/10. Could be more activities. Freshman dorms are really old, but the uni plans to entirely build new ones in the future. Loud at night (bc we are near a hospital), but everything you could ask for. You do not need a car and I feel safe.
Case is definitely what you make it. There are so many opportunities but you have to look for them. The worst thing is definitely the food.
awful school
CLE is nice, cute shops nearby, accessible through walking or transit. Little Italy is nice bc its so close. People care about school. There are 10k clubs you can join. Social scene isn't huge, but its good because it isn't distracting. I have minimal complaints. Good place to go, even business school has some good opps. I wish it was cheaper.
Great school, great people, chill attitude, good clubs, the social scene isn't great but most people are pretty solids. The opportunities are solid here as well, especially if you are going into medicine. Humanities are a bit weaker and not as many people in those departments but the professors are still good there.
Fine. But if you honestly believe Case is going to give you better opportunities than some cheaper state school you need to be able to answer why no one outside of Ohio has heard of it.
Case is a great school academics and social wise. The location is in University Circle which is quite nice and there's a lot of museums and good restaurants within walking distance. Professors are great too.
