Nice campus just have to be careful selecting professors because the courses are challenging
Reputation 10/10. Location - great u got lil italy, asia town a lil further, euclid filled with restaurants. Enough to entertain but not too much to overwhelm you or distract you. Food is good, just know where to go (jolly and tink). Social? Idk you can be pretty antisocial and no one will mind. There is a place for everyone. Most ppl r friendly
Really enjoyed my time at CWRU! The school is located in one of the most beautiful parts of Cleveland, and there are a lot to do around campus (especially before COVID). The cafeteria isn't great, but there are plenty of dining options in uptown. School provides a lot of experiential learning opportunities such as research, coop, internship, etc.
Great school. I really like it here. A hidden gem
A great school for nerdy people
Great school if the finances work out for you. Some departments have hidden gems (e.g. the Math department), but others are just severely underfunded (e.g. computer science). Also a lot of admins seem to focus on buzzwords (E.g. data science) and not the actual things that matter in university education. Would not attend without scholarship
I really enjoy the campus and I think CWRU is a great place for someone who wants to be challenged but still have some fun while doing so.
Plenty of opportunities to do shadowing, co-op, internships, research! The location Cleveland itself isn't great but University Circle is good and safe! Food could be better but there's plenty of off-campus locations that accept CaseCash!
Case, though separated from the more interesting parts of Cleveland, is overall a good place to go to college. I firmly believe that life is what you make of it, so be sure to explore everything the city has to offer! Social scene is a bit dry, winters can be brutal, and some profs can be tough, but if you play your cards right you'll be happy!
I really like Case Western. The professors and faculty are friendly and there are plenty of opportunities for me to enter my chosen field, even though I am not a STEM major.
Cleveland is a wonderful, beautiful city with a lot going on in arts and culture, BUT CWRU is trapped in a gentrified cultural desert part of the city. Campus keeps tearing down gorgeous old buildings for modern garbage. Do not expect an engaging social environment on campus, case students have a reputation of being isolated and uninvolved.
Every single course you take here for your pre-medical requirements will be awful. The professors they get to teach them are bottom-tier. They are oftentimes rude, belligerent, and they purposefully make their classes as unfair and demoralizing as possible to get you to hate yourself to the point of dropping your plans for your future altogether.
Great school, great classes, great professors, great people!
It's about what you'd expect from Case Western. The height of mediocrity.
The campus is pretty cool, and it's more or less the same as the city. Food can be an issue since there aren't too many options and once you're on the southside (year 2), most of the meal swipe restaurants are further away. Other than that, it's a decent place.
Really good school academically, classes are challenging but professors are really helpful. Coming in I though everyone was going to be weird and anti social, but there are a surprising amount of fun and out going people. You will find many life long friends here if you put yourself out there. There are parties every week if you're looking for them
CWRU graduate teaching is mediocre.
If you want to go into debt to be treated like crap, this is the place for you.
After being promised four years of on-campus housing if you want it with financial aid tied to living on campus, CWRU has decided to no longer offer enough housing to upper classmen in favor of over admitting for the 2026 graduating class. This is a trend that will continue and these resources will continue to be stretched thinner and thinner.
PLEASE go somewhere else for an education. The academics here are top notch, but are outweighed by the overwhelming amount of negatives. The administration is utterly useless, everyone here is miserable and wants to transfer out, and there is at least one armed robbery on campus every week. Social scene is non-existent, and many students are toxic.
The professors and classes are really good and chill. But food and dorms are ehh
Wasn't my first choice, and definitely won't recommend it if you have other options. Financial aid is very generous, and the professors are knowledgeable and nice, but the administration is quite possibly the worst I have ever seen. They have a complete disregard and operate without thinking of the students at all.
Case has extremely good things and extremely bad things abt it. Academics are excellent here and its so easy to double major, double minor, triple minor, etc. But the food is disgusting here (dining hall is awful and portable swipes are mehhh) and the first year housing is horrible
I feel like Case is a great school with caring professors and rigorous academics that will push you to be your best. I feel like those who hate the school and the area are privileged kids who only value the school name/reputation, are super salty they didn't get into an ivy and fail to get out much. You can make the most out of what you put in
