I can only speak from the perspective of a film student, but this school is worth the tuition just for the alumni connections and its helpfulness in getting your career started. Lots of knowledgeable professors. You get a really hands-on experience of whatever field you're trying to break into.
If you desire a career in the performing arts or communications, this is without a doubt the school for you.  Emerson perfectly hybridizes conservatory-style training with an excellent humanities-based education (especially the Honors program).  Attending is the best decision I've ever made.
I am so glad I chose to go to Emerson. It was everything I hoped college would be and more. I made great friends, got involved in a TON of extracurricular and received grade A training from industry professionals. Not to be corny, but Emerson gets an A in my book.
I transfered to Emerson and was forced to live off-campus because of their lack of room on campus. However, this was the only downside. I love Emerson, and its alumni connections are incredible. The thing I like the most is the willingness to accept people for who they are. You will find friends with interests as obscure as yours. It's amazing.
I love Emerson College SO much. Honestly, the classes, opportunities, and people are so wonderful. If you want a career in the performing arts, film, journalism, or marketing, look into Emerson College.
I LOVE Emerson College. The classes are incredible and the opportunities are unmatchable. It doesn't really have a campus per se, but it's right on Boston Common, right in the heart of the city. The dorms are beautiful, the food is pretty good, but mainly it is the incredible classes and programs that make this place so amazing.
Emerson College is a fickle kind of place: it is still trying to figure out how to define itself. It is also extremely liberal and anti-religious. Many profs are openly anti-Catholic and I overheard one blaming Catholics and Christians and Republicans for all the problems in the world. The funny thing is I am even more Catholic and Republican now.
You have to know what you want to do if you come here. If you plan on being undecided I would suggest not attending this school. That being said, there are a lot of opportunities for you to excel in whichever field you wish to be in. There is kind of an underground Emerson mafia, so we tend to pop up all over the place. I dig it.
People have said it many times and I will say it again: Emerson College is the most expensive summer camp you will ever attend. Far from being as difficult as the colleges all your friends back home went to, you will learn more than you ever expected to in ways you never expected to. Coming here is the best decision I ever made.
Great classes. Beautiful location. Large dorms. Activities every night. Generally good food. Great academic calender. Low on Greek life but no one here minds. There's definitely an acceptance of everything here. There are cliques but if you make an effort not to stay with one you'll enjoy your experience more. Tip: Don't rush any of the sororities.
This is a college for people who already know what they want to do. Whether that is for directing, journalism, acting, etc., this is the college for you. You are in the heart of Boston, where the campus is literally right next to Boston Common! Couldn't recommend this college more.
This school is amazing. The location is fantastic, right on the Boston Common. And the options for extra-curricular activities are endless. I couldn't imagine going to any other school!!!
Seal of approval.
I could not have chosen a better school. I love everything about Emerson!
My decision to attend Emerson College was the best I ever made. I made life long friends and I will always consider it a second home.
I LOVE EMERSON! Location is ideal and close to everything. Everyone is open-minded and embraces diversity. There are also so many career-orientated clubs that you get real world experience outside of the classroom.
Love Boston and the school. Seems like there is a great alumni connection, esp in the film/TV, so I hope to take advantage of that!
Over priced!
I love emerson
If you don't think Emerson students have the best college about life than idk what to tell you! I think the college is beautifully located, food is delicious, housing is amazing, professors are crazy intelligent, and the fact that we have a castle, a campus in LA and our own Emersonian Mafia is pretty darn cool. The only downside is cost...
Amazing.
Come if you enjoy working, don't come if you're planning to party. Extracurriculars are life.
I love every minute that I spend at Emerson College. Everyone is friendly and helpful, organized and approachable. The whole system is created so you can grow and develop as an artist.
Very large school be prepared
Emerson is a great networking school. I mean, I have known what I wanted to do as a career since I was a kid, and right when I got to the school, they put the right tools in my hands and have given me real world tips. I'm only a junior and already I have been published in an international music magazine.
A beautiful campus with interesting professors and teachers. Definitely has a distinct personality that makes it for certain people, and not for others.
Great school.
GOOD SCHOOL
Leave while you can. Doesn't give you any opportunities and the classes are a joke. That and the majority of the student population is almost insane.
Emerson was and still is my dream school. Sure, I'm on in my second year and there are things I would change about it, but there is no doubt in my mind that this is where I belong.
Emerson is like summer camp with homework, but even the homework doesn't suck because it's everything you're passionate about.
Emerson College is the #1 if you want to go into anything involving communication and the arts. The professors here are all experienced in their respective fields, and they are all willing to do anything for their students to succeed.
People at this school are overly critical and love to complain, but it really is a wonderful school with a lot of opportunities. Everyone just likes to get upset about how much money they're paying
incredible school. couldn't be happier. however, the residential policies reaaaaaally need some work though... they'll fine you for literally anything with no shame.
The school has strong film and acting programs. The Boston area is beautiful. A perfect fit for someone not into sports, someone who's would be classified as artsy, and even someone who has trouble meeting people. At this school, there are so many people that are in the same situation as you. Food isn't good. No Frat Life. Wifi is hit or miss.
not a great place for the normal college experience. Everyone at Emerson is already ready to run into the workplace. Insane networking though, really easy getting workinternships  duringafter college.
I love it here
Literally the best location for a school, you can go anywhere and do anything without leaving the street your dorm is on (unless you live in Paramount, don't do that). The classes are pretty good, the professors are mostly good. The only negatives are the RA's, the RD's, and the food. If you're a trouble maker, be careful. And if you eat a lot.....
