Love this place, couldn't imagine a better college when it comes to communication and the arts.
A lot of people complain about this school, but that happens with every school because most people are lame. Emerson is, without question, the best place on earth.
Emerson College is a great school if you are creative, hard-working, passionate, and have a good idea of what you want to do with your life. If you are still undecided about what you want to do for a profession, I wouldn't suggest coming here. Emerson's great at facilitating you with the professional and technical skills to thrive in the real world
If you want to go into a communications field, Emerson is a must. Having that on your resume is like having 5 years prior work experience and greatly increases your chances of getting both internships and jobs. The students here are pretty clique-y but the clubs are great and so are the surrounding social opportunities.
It's in the centre of Boston, so you couldn't ask for a better location. The food is very average though, and the library, while it has a great collection of material including stuff you might not find else where (lots of screenplays and stuff), is not very homey or comfortable in its ambience. Still, love Emerson and definitely suggest it!
If you find the right organization, a great faculty mentor, and are ready to give 100% of yourself in the courses related to your major; you will absolutely love your time here.
It was meh
Love it!
I love Emerson!
I love this school
The school is great and filled with even greater people! the food is ehhh but luckily there's tons of places to go out to eat within a few block radius, so it's not a huge deal.
Crappy food and meal plan. Other than that it's wonderful.
Emerson is a great school if you're going there simply for its fantastic programs. If you're looking for the "classic" college experience, it might not be for you. However, Emerson has as many opportunities as you want to make and some great students as well. The food sucks though.
The best part about Emerson is that you immediately get to be free and independent. You are in the center of downtown Boston and your classes are focused on what you want to do. The school is very profession focused and the goal is to get you where you want to be. Global campuses are a plus.
Good school. Great for VMA. Excellent location. ZERO DIVERSITY
It is worth it
Emerson's great, but it's an ocean full of big fish. If you don't take care of yourself, you can easily find yourself getting down because everyone seems so much better off than you. If it makes you feel better, we're all suffering artists. But I'm glad I go here, but the social aspects leave a lot to be desired.
so many opportunities and experiences- it's a little overwhelming
If you're looking for a less traditional college experience that allows you to get a jumpstart in what you want to do post-college, it's perfect. It doesn't have the same social or party life most places do, but since you're in Boston, there's always something to do. It has amazing programs for anything in the arts or communication fields.
Emerson is great for career-driven liberal communications students
Like it here so far. Little overwhelming if you don't have a lot of experience/background in your field, but you can easily catch up with all the resources.
Junior transfer.  If you are local, go to MassArt.  Less expensive and you will benefit more.  Here they are snobs.   From the students to some of the faculty.  I have been here two semesters, and I think that may be two too many!
AH Emerson. Its been swell but now I'm almost done. In two weeks to be exact. The Professors I had for film and writing courses were fantastic. Networking is incredible. EM-MAF! But the financial aid office needs to be more knowledgeable/organized, and the library is pathetic. One partial floor? Seriously? Otherwise Emerson served me well. OUT!!!
Entering my 3rd semester. They are good if you come in as a Frosh, but forget it if you are a transfer student. The school needs to reach out more to diverse crowds (they are ALL TALK in this Department!!!)  They SAY they are diverse but statistics don't lie (google them.)
community is disappointing, professors are a mixed bag, and housing/campus is awkwardly limited
Your friends might be fake but you're education isn't.
Emerson is what you make of it. If you sit in your room and don't do anything, you won't have a good time. If you get out there and join clubs, it'll be everything you hoped for. The food isn't great and don't expect a party scene, but the neighborhood is great if you're using regular city precautions and you'll never run out of opportunities.
You cannot get a better education anywhere else! Emerson College offers both very specialized training and a well-rounded education that force to grow as a human being. It truly feels like a community.
I have really mixed feelings about attending here. I chose to attend because it was a communication arts school, even though I was a science major, because it does give the school extra flair. But it's difficult to fit in if you aren't an artistic person. Regardless, I love and thrive in my classes and I am confident in my career trajectory here.
Emerson is my home away from home and I feel safe here.  Everyone is so open and accepting.  The community here is amazing and I wouldn't trade it for anything.
Emerson's a really wonderful school, but it involves you to put a lot into it.
Full disclosure, I only went to Emerson for my freshman year then I left. It's very expensive, and depending on your major, it can be very limiting. Some of the gen-ed classes are sickeningly easy. The social scene is good, but some groups can be pretty exclusive and judgmental. My major classes were nice and challenging.  The food was nasty.
Gradated recently from the Media Production department. Professors are absolutely stellar, but unwavering. Schedule is filled up film shoots, especially if you help out on others (and you absolutely should). I transferred in as a junior and didn't join any clubs, so my experience there is limited. Transfers have a disadvantage.
I'm a transfer Creative Writing BFA and this place just isn't for me. If you're considering Emerson, know that while the students are very successful, it's NOT your typical college environment. The majority of the people here (student and staff) are intensely focused on the individual rather than the whole, and are vigorously liberal.
NO DIVERSITY and if you do not think and act like AMERICAN, you can't live off. Student-Professor relationship is not close at all, unless he/she is a very nice person. Limited variety of choice for classes, and teaching quality varies a lot by professors. WIsh I could transfer out but it's too late for me.
Difficult to find/make friends. Especially in Paramount.
Glad to be here but there is room for improvement.
Emerson has always held the philosophy that its students should be able to dictate how hard they work. The school provides more than enough opportunities for the students to excel in their desired field. It comes down the to question of whether an individual student is motivated enough to engage. If you're self-motivated, there's no place better.
Emerson is an amazing school IF you're sure you wanna go into the arts or communication. Not sure why clubs were rated so low on others, but clubs are everything here. If you don't get yourself involved, then that's you're own fault. There are endless opportunities to create and try new things, but you have to be proactive and join those clubs!
It's a good choice
Dont come to Emerson if you want to be here for anything else aside from your studies. Seriously. Its kinda wonky and everyone always has at least one issue and I know so many freshmen trying to transfer already because of extraneous reasons, but honestly, if the major you are seeking is perfect for you here, let that be your decision for coming.
Make connections, stay open, this place can quickly feel like home.
