emerson is really great if you buy into it. you have to be really open to all the new concepts they throw at you.
Its a truly amazing place
I happen to be really stupid and can't finish college for the life of me (this is my 4th institution and I'm finally dropping out), but please AVOID THIS PLACE LIKE THE PLAGUE!!! Everyone here is stuck in their delusional liberal bubble and making friends here is harder than stomaching the food. Seriously. Just don't.
This school is amazing but could have better diversity among the student body
Emerson College has little to no structure/communication between departments; from faculty to students. The opportunities that are available are presented last minute and there is little availability to really get involved in much unless you are in a specific social clique. This school could use a new foundational structure for communication.
good
This school is for a very specific niche of people. This is not your typical college experience. The Emerson name, its network, and connections are endless. Join clubs! That's how you make friends. Avoid the food. People who say they didn't like their time here did not put in enough effort. Work hard academically and socially and you'll succeed!
This school is alright but if I had the chance to do it all over again I dont know if Id go here again. But I do think it will give me opportunities to be successful in my field.
To put it simply, Emerson is an arts school - basically everyone here is planning on pursing something with little to no job security, so everyone is always really pushing themselves to succeed. There's tons of organizations to join, and basically everyone finds one that they like. Seriously, join an organization. They give you crazy connections.
i mean. its a great school, you just gotta make the most of it
If you want connections, Emerson is the place to be. There's a reason so many film and journalism people have come out of Emerson. If you're willing to work for what you want, you will have more opportunities to move up in your industry than you would anywhere else. The admin isn't the best, but the professors are awesome, and the classes are great
Emerson is really busy and fun! There are downsides like the food and small size but overall if you're driven you'll make it far and people are nice and close-knit for good connections in the industry!
Emerson is way too expensive and they spend their money on pointless things, and there's currently not nearly enough social space and dining options. Hopefully this will change when the construction on campus is done. There's so much stuff to do on campus that I barely leave. I wish the dorm rooms were a bit bigger. The DH food is mediocre.
Overall disappointing. Food sucks, many staff/professors can be rude. School does not care about its students. Money is suspicious. However, the opportunities you'll get if you look for them are fantastic. Good if you want to climb a corporate ladder, but not for independent work.
It's a good and growing college in the heart of Boston. Come here for communications, film, theatre, and maybe journalism, or just don't come here at all.
I was at Emerson for two semesters and got so much out of them. Emerson is in a busy city and has upbeat energy with a creative learning environment. But when it comes to details, it isn't as great... The food could have been MUCH better. The school ignores social, race, and sexual assault issues and most of my teachers were bullies.
It's a really good school if you're here to do something in the arts. Honestly, it's very niche so a lot of people who have left realized it isn't for them. But I've found my home here and I've met so many people that have changed my life. I've made great job connections and I feel great about the future because of Emerson.
I love every single thing about Emerson. The journalism department is top-notch, and they really set you up for success. Only thing I have an issue with is the food. It's real hit or miss, but usually a miss. I love the clubs and programs that they offer, and it seems like there really is something for everyone. SUPER inclusive campus as well!
Do not decide to go here before visiting campus. Emerson's campus is very unique: you will love it, or you will hate it. Despite the lack of activities and social opportunities for students, the people here are amazing and talented. Plus, everything negative about this school is overshadowed by the excellent education and networking opportunities.
Listen- if you're social and extroverted, you'll do great. If you hated the theatre kids in high school, this is definitely not the place for you. And as for food- I'd give it a zero if I could. I ate a grilled cheese every day for an entire year because it was the only thing that didn't give someone I know food poisoning.
Emerson can be worth your money if you make an effort to network and be active on campus. If you do nothing outside of class and classwork, it won't be worth it. Emerson has a competitive environment which I think is super helpful to prepare you for the real world.
I chose this school based on its reputation. If you're a city person you'll love Boston. The social scene is pretty bad here. If you want to attend parties you must search for them. Outside of our on-campus basketball court, all of our sports teams play on fields off-campus thus making games a non-event. People here are generally pretty fake.
If you're looking to have fun in college or any sort of normal college experience, Emerson is not for you.
its cool
The school is great but the required classes for specific majors are completely useless and a waste of money. No access to facilities or equipment is provided unless you are in a specific class.
Even though the food sucks half the time and the dorms can be super small most of the professors Ive had are super knowledgeable and we get amazing connections just by going here.
Highly recommended.
Incredibly boring! No one goes off campus and there are NO school events. Food is very very boring- Everyone orders food and has stopped going to the dining hall.
If you are motivated and willing to put the time and effort in to what you love, this school is great. If you do not know what you want to do, DO NOT COME HERE!
Prime location, with an overload of creativity and a dash of arrogance. Doesn't give financial aid unless you ask. Dining hall hours are awful- no lunch on weekends which puzzles me. And breakfast is offered starting at 10 am on weekends. We don't all sleep in! EC Isn't as diverse as you might think. Some faculty are amazing and others don't care.
If you're looking for an open, liberal, freeing school, this is for you. Emerson students are obnoxious about everything, but work hard and are super involved. If you have a loud and proud personality you will love it here. If not, I honestly don't know if the reputation and degree is worth it.
A really great school, does not work for everyone, but no ever school does. A great community with a lot of passionate people. Join a club, troupe, or crew and never look back.
Love it
Overall pretty nice even with COVID.
Fantastic place to be!
Emerson is great if you know what you want to do and are UBER passionate. Not the best choice for undecided majors.
Even among Coivd, Emerson feels like a safe place to be in Boston. The location is amazing, you are right in the hub of everything. Something freshmen did this year in spite of covid was gather in the commons in circles to eat lunch together. As a first semester freshman, I have had numerous opportunities to work on projects relating to my major.
Maybe next semester
the school is what you make of it. nothing's going to be handed to you, so if you are a competitive, opportunity seeking student, this school is for you.
