Sucks with the pandemic and all, but I love Emerson. It is what you make of it.
Great experience, COVID hurt a lot, but that can't really be blamed on the institution
A lot of reduced opportunity/on campus options due to COVID, but that aside my biggest grievance with attending this school is their lack of support for students with mental health issues. They claim to have a support system but it is very weak and did hardly anything to accommodate the stress COVID aside from just saying "dont stress <3"
COVID has definitely dinged it a few points lower for me, but I can't blame it on Emerson. I cannot recommend this school highly enough, though.
Go to Emerson.
Good school. Good people. By and large, the professors care enough to give you whatever you need in order to learn. The food available from the dining center or the grills is usually good. At times the food is very good. At times, it's so so. Either way, local allied restaurants are solid alternatives. Facilities required reservations to study.
Emerson was made for a niche group of students. If the shoe doesn't fit you will not enjoy your time. I left after one year because I felt there was no diversity of thought and it felt very prestigious which I didn't like. Super overpriced for what they have to offer. Dangerous location, I was robbed twice and so were my friends. IMO, not worth it.
I was a policom major and left for Suffolk halfway through my sophomore year. Emerson does not feel like a real school. Academics are not taken seriously, even if they have some of the trimmings of seriousness. The social atmosphere is one of disconnect and alienation. Student life is full of unnecessary inconvenience. I had one class I learned in.
Definitely the artsy school I expected it to be, and I really like it here. It has its pros and cons as every place does, but I couldn't picture myself anywhere else right now
Cool school
Emerson is what you make out of it. NO joke. The basic version is not worth your money so find the professors you like and make your time worthwhile. Boston is a really cool city with tons of colleges so you never run out of college kids running around.
Great school in the heart of Boston -- biggest complaint has to do with continual tuition increases on top of an already staggering student bill. Professors are great, dining services are spectacular, and people are really friendly here! Administration is the biggest flaw of this school.
Just had my first year there, wouldn't trade it for the world,.
