I am very disappointed with the advisers here at RIC.I have never been sooooo discouraged in my life.They are not supportive at all!!!!
excellent professors overall.  advisors not too helpful though, do your own research to stay in the know.  there is a lot of great cheap and decent housing in nearby neighborhoods.
it's mostly girls but the ones that party live off campus, and the place is full of people unwilling to socialize
The library can get very, very hot to the point where it's too hot to study. I hope that over the summer they have updated and changed a few things. Other then that, Its a great campus, friendly people and advisors. Good dorm life, not a very big party school- but it's fun.
One thing you should definitely invest in, is a pair of rainboots. For some reason this campus seems to take in all the water of RI. lol. Also if you interested in majoring in a science find profs/tutors who can help you throughout your time here. Its not uncommon to find the "deer-in-headlights" look when you ask students around for calc help.
By Far The Most Boring School! I Wish I Had Attended A University That Was Better! I Only Picked RIC cause It Was Cheaper
great nursing program, but could put more money into the fitness center, biology dept, and the library.  it really depends on your professor here.  i have attended uri as well where the facilities are a million times better, but the staff is mediocre. at ric i have had some of the best professors, and a couple of the worst. also, food is awful.
The professors here were most likely picked off the streets. there is NO PARKING AT ALL so be prepared to come at least an hour and a half early or just not go to class at all. I really wish i went to another school =/ so much about this campus is awful
It's a decent school nothing to write home about. Nice people but if you're a commuter be prepared to spend a lot of time sitting by youtself in cafe unless you join a club like the newspaper or radio station where people are always hanging out. All in all ok if your a local.
I think the facilities are better than most of the faculty. We've got some good professors, but we've also got the worst college instructors I've ever had in my long academic career. I've learned some useful facts and skills that will make me a better teacher, and the master's degree will be useful in itself. It's an okay little school.
it doesn't feel like a real college.
Want to be something other than a high school teacher or a nurse? Go to a different school.
The staff and professors have been very helpful and recently the campus has begun looking a lot better
I can't wait to be done with this place.
RIC has a great dance program but other than that I wish I had gone to a different college. I really do not like RIC. Unless you want to be stuck in RI go to another school!!
This school is horrible. Most of the teachers are old and out of touch- they most likely couldn't get jobs in the real world so they are tenured into being college professors. I really should have went to a different 4 year college. I am learning absolutely nothing except patience! What a waste of money.
The professors for the most part are nice and help out alot, but I HATE THIS SCHOOL!! Its a good school money wise but is so boring and just doesn't cut it if you want a real college experience.
People give RIC a bad rep because it seems to be the cool thing to do. I have found that if I apply myself and adhere to the curriculum of the professors, there is no excuse why one cannot receive an A in every course. I am very appreciative of all that I have learned at RIC. I am very happy that I made the decision to attend this school.
This school hires teachers who barely speak english & people who seemed confused about life itself. Faculty & staff seem to only care about those who are straight A students. Anyone who isn't straight A material gets left behind to struggle and fend for themselves. Alcohol bottles have been left all over the place. I'm shocked by what I've seen.
parking is awful.
The campus is disgusting there is trash everywhere. It looks old and run down. There is never anything fun to do and the food is so gross and to expensive!
this school is known for its commuters and well overall the PARKING HERE SUCKS. there arent enough spots for all the commuters that attend this college. i think they should invest more of there time and money from the tuition into repaving and making more parking lots. but other than that the school is what you make of it here.
First, I have to address another comment.  "The advisers aren't supportive..."  They are there to ADVISE, not baby-sit; if he/she didn't support your plan, that's b/c it sucked!  Overall, RIC is a good school.  Can be trying at times, but so can all colleges.  Financial Aid advisers... now there's a real nightmare, and the dining hall is awful!
I love the atmosphere at RIC.
really love this school everything is not so far away. Teachers are great here i really enjoy this school alot.
Great college.
Parking is horrible. Must get there at least an hour befor class.
This school is not perfect but it was not bad. The quality of my professors was good and the price was right.  Some buildings could use an update but that doesn't mean it's a bad school.  When it comes to finding out what you need for credits/requiremnts, be aggressive and find the answers yourself. The squaeky wheel gets the grease!
I <3 RIC
If you want a boring educational experience then definitely choose Rhode Island College. It's the quieter of all of the schools in Rhode Island. If that's what you're looking for then I guess you would want to go here. It's not hard to get into. But You really only want to go here if you're into Art or Nursing. The campus needs severe help.Havefun.
This college itself is not at all organized positively. Be your own advisor because the advisors on campus are the most discouraging people i have ever encountered. The food is terrible and if you plan on graduating in four years, choose another college because four year graduations no longer happen on this campus.
RIC > URI > CCRI - Personal Experience
This school is very unfriendly and apathetic to veterans.
Excellent
Good
RIC is a small school. You can really get to know the staff and fellow students at a more personal level because you will likely run into them around campus frequently. Very homey for those who stay on campus and residents all know everybody and they all treat each other like family. Many students are commuters but you still see them around
This is an awesome school! Every school has its pros and cons, but  it's always what you make of it. The campus itself is expanding: The fitness center was just renovated COMPLETELY & the school was approved for 50 million dollars worth of renovations for 3 major buildings. They are also implementing a new freshman experience! GREAT SCHOOL!!
Pick a better school.
boring - nice rural like campus next to P.C and Near Downtown Prov.
Low expectations. Far left agenda.
Good School, nothing to not like but Don food.
small school but still pleasant, food isn't the greatest and campus is basically EMPTY on the weekends, most people are instate students, so if you're out of state be prepared for that. its hard to get good advising on what the heck you're suppose to take, great school for anyone interested in being an educator though!
Go to a better school. If you live in RI you are better off going to CCRI and saving some money.
Horrible, wish I didn't go here
Worst choice
From my experience so far, Rhode Island College has met most of my expectations from a college. Most professors are very kind and know what it means to "have a life" outside of school. Absolutely NO bullying/harassment of any kind. Many activities available. Positive and accepting atmosphere! (not snotty at all!) Just wish there was MORE PARKING!
love it
Small school, but good community as a whole. The professors are generally nice and helpful. Overall a nice environment.
RIC was not my first choice for a school. I have been very dissatisfied by the education I am receiving there.
pointless
no hot water when you want it, no good food, terrible teachers, dry campus, no real sports life, small gym, terrible requirements and worse decision of life, sets you back years, better off going to ccri or leaving the state to a real school. leaving rid after this semester prob best move for myself.
records office and financial offices treat you as second class. Administration and many of the faculty think and treat you as if you are second class and stupid. There are some very good instructors/professors willing to help you be careful who you take.
This school has its ups and downs. Some of the professors are the best and others fall by the wayside and try to compensate by being tough. Parts of the campus can be rough, especially old buildings and others (like rec center and Nazarian) are modern. The food is nasty and horrible and resident life is a constant battle. Overall, its not that bad.
good
meh.
I have been at RIC for 5 years now. It's not a school you can leave after 4 years because every major needs more time. I think RIC offers lots of interesting majors and a wide variety of clubs and activities to participate in. If you get involved on campus you will have a great academic experience. I lived in the dorms 2 years and hated it!
There's not that much parking. It's hard to find parking. The Professors are hardcore and don't let you get breaks on papers or exams.
rhode island college has good student activities clubs, it also has a lot of major, and minor, and also other things to see such as sport games and basketball and baseball, and tennis.
RIC is a great school! I am an Early childhood major with a minor in Special ed. All of the professors I have had so far want their student to succeed. I highly recommend this college.
Great Professors and Elementary Education and Nursing Program are amazing
Great school.
RIC is a medium sized school with a shuttle that takes you to class, dining center, gym and to your building! There may be some downfalls to the old dorms or the consistent food, but college is what you make it. I've had a great experience due to the people I have met and what I take part in as well.
Everything is mediocre. Parts of campus are rough & others are nice. Food is meh at its best. Socially lacking & dead on weekends. Providence is amazing though. You won't be leaving in 4 years & classes/scheduling is a battle. Bursar's, Admissions, Records & most admin/offices at the school will treat you like dirt so...
They don't offer the classes you need every semester but besides that I love this school.
Excellent, clean, easy access campus.  Overall totally satisfied with my first year there! Awesome education quality for the money paid!
I hate this school. I only attended because its so close to my house. Always doing construction, employees who work in the offices are so miserable, parking is a joke and there are never any working air conditioners in the summer. Some of the classrooms are disgusting and the older dorms aren't any better. Bad school, wish I paid more to go to URI.
This school is perfect! I just wish more people attended the basketball games!
I just graduated from RIC (May 2014).  It only took me 4 years.  RIC is on the rise.  Alex & Ani paid $1 Million to put their name on the new Art building.  RIC also has a new $9 million Rec Center with a swimming pool, weight room, cardio room, indoor track & 3 Basketball Courts.  There are a lot of student organizations.  Reach Inspire Connect!
Good
In typical RIC fashion most students are super seniors by the time they graduate. Pro's: all of the professors are awesome, classes are smaller  Con's: parking; administrative/office staff are always miserable and unorganized. dinning hall needs upgrades, especally the salad bar. Overall I give it a 7 out of 10.
Don't think that because RIC is a 'value,' that it's necessarily a GOOD value. Save for a few programs, many majors are subpar, professors can be arrogant and too 'liberal elite,' required courses can be hard to come by, and good luck finding a job after graduating. The FEW programs that MAY be worth it are MSW, nursing, and the arts.
cool
Clean, well kept, always being improved
This school is rather depressing. My first semester wasn't a total loss but subsequent semesters have shown the true side of RIC. I have learned that the professors will hate you no matter how smart you are. Your advisor will be the most useless person you will ever meet. I have since left RIC and am now happier at another college where they care.
The library is a perfect place to study and do homework even though the librarians are unhelpful. I pick my classes based on my professors so I have good and helpful semesters and the food at Donovan can be pretty good at times even the pizza at the cafe. And the cafe is a good hangout place for late at night.
Being a freshman, i find that this transition from high school to college has really helped me and i havent found anything i really dont like here at RIC.
Great school with lots of opportunities
needs a football team
gross.
Most of the professors are just not there for the benefit of the student!!!  The Nursing Department is a nightmare if you are a minor, the professors are arrogant, rude and downright condescending.
I spent six years as a student at RIC, first as an undergraduate transfer student and then as a graduate student in the math department. Unfortunately, I can only reiterate what many others have said regarding the extremely sub par RIC experience. Also, many faculty and administrators could use a lesson on professional ethics.
Very unorganized staff. Campus looks nice but this college is a joke. The advisors do not help at all but rather discourage you from your dreams of a career.
pretty average college, gets the job done
Pretty much you get what you paid for coming to RIC
They somehow try to make everyone graduate in 5 years instead of 4 but it's a really good school.
Like any school, it's what you make it!  RIC is a commuter school, parking can be a pain,but there is a shuttle!  There is a ton of stuff going on around campus just pic up a school paper, The Anchor or stop by Student Union.   Albeit some professors are better than others, but all-in-all it's a great school with great Internship Opportunities!
Oh RIC.im seriously disappointed in you.  Parking is awful, faculty and staff don't help you. Its like if you need help with your future, you're on your own.  Administration is VERY unorganized.  No one really knows what is going on there.  I do not recommend this school.
Not a bad school all around. Some professors are helpful and the food is okay.
na
Overall a pretty good school. The food sucks and parking is even worse.
better than youd expect
