For what you pay for, it's an amazing school. I will more than certaintly miss the school, the teachers, and fellow students. It is by no means a "party school", but it was one of the best time of my lives. I am sure there are better schools, but RIC does a tremendous job guiding you through the rigours of college. Has good degree programs go RIC!
Rhode Island college is what you make it. If you don't go out there and make friends you are going to feel bored but I love my college and feel it is about right.
I'm blown away at how progressive this state school has become: community garden, farmers market & an apiary. There are so many opportunities to travel and to learn; this school is great. There are incredibly talented professors that deeply care. The campus is in a lame part of town but is beautiful and has been renovated. It's what you make of it!
I found the professors and classes to be challenging. They could do more to make classes more obtainable for working people.
If you have the choice between RIC and URI or any other instate school stay away from RIC. The campus is small and boring and in a desperate need of a makeover. The social life is almost nonexistent, most parties are found at PC and JWU. Unless you need to come here for a major do yourself a favor and go to URI.
RIC is full of students who are lazy, unintelligent, or both. Forget the bleak appearance and nonexistent social life- if you are smart, you will learn nothing here. No one knows how to write, study, or behave in a classroom and the professors cater to these lower students. RIC has not challenged me at all. Severely disappointed.
not too bad if you don't sit in your dorm or car all day. be active. make good friends. you'll have a pretty good time here. don't expect parties on campus. food is pretty nasty. people have gotten food poisoning from it. campus isn't stunning. its just kinda an overall average campus.
Everyone who works here has no idea what they are doing. The professors are OK, but everyone in Records, Bursars, Financial Aid, even the VP and President of the college walk around in a complete daze. No one answers phones, or returns calls. Offices don't communicate with each other. Everyone who works here is basically so miserable with their job
It's a normal college.
I absolutely love it here. Wasnt thrilled about going to college, opinion totally changed when I got here. I live in Thorp and have had the BEST forming experience. Food is decent, campus is clean, people are EXTREMELY friendly, and it only takes 10-15 min to walk from one side of campus to the other. Love the setup of campus and you can have a car
This school is whatever you make of it. You could slump your way through hating every second. Or you could go to school with low tuition, in a great city, surrounded by good people, staff & faculty. They have great networking ops, events, organizations & clubs. Get involved. Be proud of RIC. Talk to the diversity people around you.
food is the same every single day, no parking. teachers are nt helpful at all
This is the school to go to if you have no desire to learn anything, do any thing or be anything important. If you just want that piece of paper, this is the place for you. The classes are stupidly easy. The administration is unhelpful at best and insulting at worst. They will screw you over at every turn. I have nothing good to say to be honest..
i am a recent transfer (as of this spring 2015), in my own dept (the art dept) i've never had problems getting into contact (in person or by email) with my professors or advisors. the wifi connection is really good and i've never had a problem with it. only thing i recommend is staying on top of your financial aid!! takes forever to get a response.
A lot of people give this school a bad rep, but it's really a good school if you take advantage of the opportunities here. Go to class, really get to know your professors, and go to the events. People are friendly here. Food is meh but that's easily fixed by doing your own shopping. Would recommend if you're looking for a small school! :)
It is what you make of it. It is not a party school but that doesn't mean that you cant have a great time here. The people are friendly, the campus is nice and clean, and its easy to get from one end of campus to the other. The only  downfalls I would have to say are the food and parking. Other than that RIC is a great school.
I just transferred here and I like this school. Staff and faculty are  friendly, they respond to your needs but they kind of slow. It takes them forever to get things done. I had classes at RIC before as non-degree and loved my instructors. Some instructors here are the same teaching at PC , URI and Bryant.  Good school for low tuition.
not a place to enjoy your college years.
great school, good value
This school has alot of oppertunities, RIC is really about what you do with your time and what kind of four years you make it. Has potential to be an awesome college experience!
A lot of people bag on the school because they don't have this or they don't have that, etc. You give someone the opportunity to complain and they will, I absolutely love this school, my major and all the friends I've made while here.
The college itself is okay; the students all seem friendly and amiable. I think others give it a bad rap, even though many of the professors work part-time at other, well-known schools. I'd say this college deserves better than what it gets, due to how loose some professors are on homework and assignments. Other colleges seem to be a little strict.
love
Rhode Island College should not be called your last choice. Most people are antisocial but it just takes the right person to make everyone become friendly. The campus is beautiful and clean. Plenty of clubs and activities to do.
About as good as it gets for the price. If you don't feel like shelling out a lot of money for a 4 year school degree, this is the place for you. Weekends are quiet here, but its a welcome thing, no lines in the dining hall, more parking spaces, and less loud suite mates. Just don't expect to be going to huge parties on campus. Education is at par.
Being a commuter sucks here
does the job
It's hard to make friends on campus unless you join programs or find someone thats like you...
Extend Dinning Center Hours and change study hall policies for athletes
It gets the job done. Great education for the price and much better that what you would expect.  Great for commuters and introverts.
You have  know the right people in order to have fun
So far it's been a very sad college experience. Faculty does not help you out, the people are antisocial or strange, no parties, mostly commuters- some full adults, education is not taken seriously enough, and after college opportunities are a joke. Not even enough parking. Good luck graduating EVER, if not 6 years. Don't come here
I feel like RIC is more of a Gen Ed school, people attend just to do gen ends and leave. Its very boring. I commute and I stay on campus majority of the time and I never seen a campus so dead. There is NO SCHOOL SPIRIT IT IS HORRIBLE!!!!!!! The food is HORRIBLE!!! I wouldnt recommend RIC to anyone.
Transferred from CCRI where I got my gen ed credits cheap. Psychology department (my major) is extremely supportive and offers a well rounded curriculum.  I'm thinking of staying on for my Masters degree because there is a great opportunity for research with this excellent faculty.
Come to RIC if you're looking for a simple/ quiet environment. Otherwise, do not bother or you'll be majorly disappointed. Feels like I'm wasting my time here, not much to do.
Nothing even close to the school I thought I was going to. Did not meet my expectations at all, thankfully I'm transferring.
This is the worst college that I have ever attended. I transferred here and it's the biggest mistake I've ever made. Nobody talks, nobody parties, everyone is an introvert; and people are WEIRD. Wish I could leave but I'm now a senior. Don't go here. If you're looking at this and applying to colleges, DONT GO HERE. Nasty food, buildings, etc.
I spend most of my time at the college down the road this place is so unbearable
Never wanted to end up here,  but other schools are too expensive. The food literally makes me ill. Needs more parking spaces.
Great school and doesn't get the credit it deserves.
This place is a small campus, which is helpful if you're like me and get lost easily. It has a nice quad and a good library, and there's a nice walk across campus that isn't too horrible. The teachers are cool, but the buildings are a little shabby. This school has a lot of nonsense requirements as well, so watch out.
Good school, people do put it down because its not a party school like JWU or URI, but if you're like me, that doesn't really matter. Food is ok, its better to get take out, a lot of food places around so you won't die.
It's a small but efficient
Eh, its not bad but its not great either
Tuition is going up every year... So try your best to graduate within the 4 year mark. Buildings are getting a little run down but the school is finally putting our money to use and revamping the place up a little. With all the commuters on campus, the school def needs more parking spaces
DONT I REPEAT DONT COME TO RIC. WHATEVER YOU DO LOOK FOR A BETTER SCHOOL! The food here  sucks ass. There is little to no variety. I came here for the Nursing program but to be honest,  you'll be lucky if you graduate in 4 years. Most ppl graduate in 4-6 years. The campus is so dead! No parties! Dry campus!  I hated it! I'm very glad I transferred.
I'm only a freshman, but I love RIC. However, I don't recommend living in the dorms unless you're an out of state student because dorm life kind of sucked. There was hardly anything to do on campus as a resident. But, RIC overall is still my home away from home and I'm more than happy with the choice I made.
Rhode Island College is really what you make of it. If you want a campus that you see in movies with parties, campus life, clubs, and to make friends don't think of RIC. You will get a decent education out of the college, however you will most likely feel cheated of real college life after awhile.
RIC is what you make of it.  I am a returning student after leaving 27 years ago... so, "college life" doesn't appeal to me but I love the school.  So far, the professors that I have had the pleasure of taking, have been terrific.  I am in a different mindset and truly enjoy the school and learning. So glad I came back!!
I commute to school because I was not a fan of living on campus here. I didn't find that much to keep me busy as a resident. The classes are awesome and keep me interested in learning! I will probably end up going here for graduate school too because the classes are so good for what I'm paying. Highly recommend for the academics.
RIC is your average college, all what you make of it. I've had friends where they attended here for one semester, and immediately left because they stayed in there rooms and had no fun. You kind of have to go out of your way to make it worth while here, but once you do it's a good school. For the cost of tuition there should be no complaints.
its alright
I was happy there.
Some of the most Beauty girls in the state/country are found here. makes this campus HOTTT all year round.
Very nice campus, most people are commuters like myself. I've heard horror stories from the dorms too
It's a pretty campus, a little spread out, but there's a shuttle if you don't feel like walking.  Nice library.  The food is usually pretty good, but if you don't like the hot entree, there are plenty of options to choose from.  Campus is pretty dead on weekends, but it's nice if you need to study.  Dorms are run down and pricey for what you get.
Wouldn't recommend this school unless you are only going for the price
Left after one semester because they screwed me on my credits, advisers are no help.  I knew a few people that have been going to RIC for six years, for a Bachelor's!!  Parking is horrific, and I've had dog food better than what they serve here.  I drove 45 minutes to and from everyday, not worth it at all.  Most RI's are here cause it's cheap.
Let's face it, mostly everyone comes here because it's cheap or you went the CCRI route.  The buildings are falling apart, food is god awful, the dorms....I don't even have words.  My friend got bed bugs here and the school refused to get him a new mattress and just kept calling the exterminator.  Yeah that outta work.  Go elsewhere.
RIC is a predominantly commuter college.  The campus is clean and there are numerous clubs and Greek life opportunities for day time students.   Night students do miss out on most on-campus events/opportunities but that is the price you pay for convenience.
As a transfer, I can say from experience that RIC is not the worst school. You definitely get out of it what you put into it. Providence location is a pain to get to. Only big complaint is that the school seems to forget that over 75% of students commute. Overall, I like RIC and especially all the professors doing great work in the School of Mgmt.
I also left after one semester because of problems with my credits.  My advisor was no help and refused to see me.  I even schedule a meeting with the head of one of the department's he never showed.  Now I'm behind on courses which wouldn't have happened if people actually did their job.  Parking is rough. Library can get super hot as well.
If you're looking for a smaller campus, this is the one for you! Difficult as a commuter (rough roads to get there, surrounding area is rather sketchy), but pretty and inviting on the actual campus.
RIC is a great school and you can have a lot of fun here. Unfortunately, a lot of the events and clubs are at really inconvenient times. The school is an absolute ghost town on the weekends but we are a great community of people, it's a safe campus, and the resources that are available to you online and in the library are usually excellent.
Im very thankful for being able to attend RIC. It's a great college. While it has so many positives there are some negitives. They make it almost impossible for it to be a 4 year process. They add more requirements as a major continues but I am thankful for the chance. Just be cautious of what you need to take for your major to graduate
Not only is the campus centrally located in Providence, RI, but it is safe and has lots of diversity, not only from the USA, but from all over the world. It is the most diverse College i have ever attended. Every one of my professors has their PHD. My advisors really care about all of their students, and go out of their way to help every student.
the worse school ever! i hate it at RIc its the worse, can't wait to transfer!
Not much going on at the school. Dead socially but a good education for the price.
Some awful teachers should be removed, that along will make the school much better.
I am a freshmen
I came from URI and I miss URI every day.  I came here for a major that URI did not have (also much cheaper).  Typical high school campus and it feels like a continuation of high school.  Oh well.  Nobody sticks around and everyone goes home  or work after class.  This place makes me sad.  I'll always be a Rhody Ram. :(
Get in and get out.
Overall the Professors here are amazing. Always trying to help and truly love what they do. As far as the social aspect of the College. It is what you make of it, but this is a commuters College. So if you want to party this is not the place for you. The library is nice, but needs some more comfortable seats.  Great place to get a great education.
It is a heavy commuture school and most students transfer after a couple of years. Though it wasn't my top choice, I am content;  I have made a lot of friends especially by living on campus. Even though RIC's deserted on weekends, you can always find things to do in Providence.  It is  a very affordable school. Overall, RIC isn't bad!
I commute to school throughout the week so I can't say anything much. The education is good if you put the time and effort into it.
Honestly, RIC is underrated. Like any school, college is what you make it. Living on campus for 3 years helps to meet people. Athletic program sucks and most coaches suck but theres no way to fight it. The school isn't the prettiest but you get what you pay for. 3 years later, the people I met and the times I've had, will be remembered forever.
RIC has great teachers for Education Major! I truly wish the food was better. Although, I commute to campus which about 70% student do. I rather live off campus because I find it less expensive and for the quality of food wouldn't leave my  home.
RIC doesn't really give you the college life experience but it's a alright school for in state.
RIC is affordable compared to many other colleges in Rhode Island.  Living on campus is a great way to have the college experience. It's a small community, but students are friendly. Overall had a great college experience, great memories from RIC!
RIC is a great school that provides literally the same education as all the tops schools. I only Know that because we have professors here that teach at Brown, Harvard, &etc and they all say the same thing. You pay more for the "brand" at those schools because we all use the same textbooks at the end of the day. It just needs a better social scene
This school is small, which is what works for me. I know many people on campus, I'm get to build better relationships with my professors and the campus is not too confusing. Over all, if your looking for some place that has a good reputation, is small, and some where to et your work done. This is the place for you.
If you're looking to get a degree without taking out too many loans while juggling work or family life, this is the place to go. As far as a college experience it is very lacking and there is barely any socializing on campus, just a lot of people doing their own thing.
I love RIC! Small, affordable school with a good reputation. A lot of people say there's not much to do here, but if you get involved in clubs/organizations, you'll meet tons of people and make so many friends! Living on campus helps too- I met my best friend just by living in the dorms. Get to know people and you'll be out every weekend.
Parking is ridiculous over the years they've taken away spots for no reason and teachers and students are getting tickets because the lots are full. The administration doesn't care and blow it off and the campus police seem to take joy in not caring why people have no choice but to park in other places
School is okay for the price. Cops don't carry guns which isn't safe but social life is weak.
It's a pretty nice campus with many extra circulars and opportunities to take advantage of. Jut a bus ride away from thayer st and downtown providence and the food here is okay. They don't seem to care about pot smoking and drinking as long as you don't disturb anyone. Otherwise every class is less that a 10 min walk or a short bike ride apart.
I am a transfer student and was really pleased how well RIC handles transfers.
RIC is a small college, there's not much to do, if you are a commuter you are most likely to stay in your car or at the library. The food at Donovan is horrible. The professors are some good.
Not much of a social scene. Definitely a commuter school. Campus isn't near anything.
After a semester here, I decided to transfer. I did not like the school, and thought that the majority of professors were terrible, or outright rude. I think that for some majors, RIC is an excellent school, but it was not the right fit for me. The social life in my experience was not great, although the clubs were fun. Overall, I dislike RIC.
After a year here, I decided to transfer. At first I was very excited to come here, but after having subpar professors, i changed. they also gave me the run around with my degree saying I need to take this class and this when in fact I did not. Also the people here are very selfish and not welcoming. Very unhappy with my experience here.
It's as good as you can expect, I guess.
I attended Rhode Island College for a second degree in Technology. I attempted to transferred credits from another college but it didn't work out as expected. I got outright stripped out of my transfer credits essentially having to start from scratch. My experience was disappointing. The school is just like the state, very corrupt & political.
I go to RIC for nursing as a veteran transfer commuter student. RIC has accepted most of my credits from my 3 colleges, 89/95 UC. RIC is a decent school regarding quality of education and opportunities. As in any college you choose, you get what you put in. They have an amazing rec center, that gives free snacks. RIC could improve on club marketing
I go to RIC for nursing as a veteran transfer commuter student. RIC has accepted most of my credits from my 3 colleges, 89/95 UC. RIC provides many leadership opportunities, essential to any major. As in any college you choose, you get what you put in. They have an amazing rec center, that gives free snacks. RIC could improve on club marketing
Decent college
Great school!!!
As a mature, returning student RIC is  ideal.  I can see how a young traditional student might find it lacking in excitement or a campus life, for sure.  I have been absolutely blown away by the caliber of the science faculty.  Small classes, opportunities for interaction and research are terrific - and you  would not get at larger or elite schools
RIC is such a great school with very caring and knowledgeable professors! Upon starting I was so nervous, but soon realized how friendly almost everyone was. I am currently in the nursing program and couldn't be more pleased with the staff and the opportunities for success presented to all of us. If looking for a focused education RIC is the place!
The walk from H.M. to the parking lot by the bus stop is dark and a bit uncomfortable.  The little pine area next to the stop is particularly creepy and missing lighting. I am a little surprised because there are many well lit areas, this one was missed.
RIC has a number of strong programs: health care, the arts, social work, and accounting/finance. What we DON'T hear about are the vast number of far WEAKER programs that the administration refuses to address. It's easy to talk about the positive all the time, like how spiffy new most of the building are starting to look after decades of neglect.
Almost all the buildings are renovated or updated, and they are continuing to work on them. NO PARKING FOR COMMUTERS! Takes an hour or more to find a decent spot. They are working on adding more parking supposedly.
Morning classes are filled with kids-be prepared to feel like someone's mother or father if you choose not to take evening classes. Professors are great-just communicate with them. Don't eat on campus unless it is pure necessity-the food is gross. Parking is Horrendous-Expect to circle around the campus about 3x before you find something.
I am on a 5 year music program here at Rhode Island College. Though there is currently a lot of construction happing across campus, it is really for the better. After seeing other colleges around the state and all across New England, RIC needed a bit of an update in their facilities. If I were to complain about anything, it is the food. Not good.
The campus is designed for commuters, and that is very obvious. I commute here, and I have to say it feels like no one is ever here. But my main problem is the faculty. A lot of them are incompetent and lazy, and don't really want to help their students. I wanted an internship for a while now and they can't provide me with one for whatever reason.
The Campus has been going through many beautification projects lately. It has needed them. The worse thing about the campus is the Donovan Dining Center, the food is low quality and overpriced. It should be a buffet style but instead you have to pay for each individual item that you pick up.
This college is the textbook definition of a "blah" college. You get "blah" academics, "blah" food, and "blah" campus activities. I honestly have no idea how people live on campus, I'd die of boredom. If you're looking to go here for Criminal Justice, then go to URI, its much better. They only have like 3 good CJ profs, the rest are all not good.
Campus is small and perfect Classes are small too more one on one with your professors People are nice as well
Honestly a great school for your moneys worth. Small enough campus to walk not even 10 minutes to your next class. Many clubs and organizations. Many people just commute, which there is nothing wrong with that. Many shops and restaurants near RIC. Great school to either start at or transfer too after, saving tons of money compared to universities.
I came from CCRI and went right for my BSW and MSW. My education in the Social Work building (but minimum others) was really good! The biggest problem I had was that RIC was no organized. Communication throughout the school needs help. Students have to be responsible for making sure all areas of their academics are set- classes, finances, etc.
