The Film Studies Program is world class, especially for history, analysis, theory, and writing. The production end of things is a little light, and most students use their own equipment (but it's a small program, and they have to focus somewhere, so they do). RIC's problem is every college's problem - the dominance of the cellphone in study spaces.
Wanted to live on campus to get a feel for the "college experience" but RIC is nothing but boring. Tons of commuters and even people living on campus are always going home. The food from the dining center is always giving me a stomach ache. Already looking to transfer. Good reputation for the academics, although some professors are not so great.
It's a GOOD school
I attended from Sept 2014 until 2017 for my BA Degree, and now I am back for my Grad Studies in History from Sept 2017 until May 2020. The amount of work being done to improve the infrastructure is truly amazing. The new president has been very active to address the concerns of the students. Diversity is at an all time high in just a year. LOVE IT.
New president Frank Sanchez is making this school what it deserves to be. Renovations and remodeling of buildings/dorm halls as well as updates technologically throughout campus are wonderful. RIC is turning into a great place that I am proud to attend.
Not bad professors but not a very social school since it's mainly a commuter school. Food is terrible it literally makes me sick and there is no variety at all.
Rhode Island College is what you make it. Make friends and be social, it can be difficult since most people live off campus but like i said make the most out of it.
They really only care about the Nursing program so they tend to forget other majors. The food is horrible but I somehow manage to find something to eat. The majority of students are commuters so it's a graveyard on the weekends. Not a bad school but they have some improvements to make and not just on their buildings they've been reconstructing.
RIC is a little looked down upon, but it really isn't a bad school. The worst thing about it is the food and its bad, but not THAT bad. It may seem isolating if you're a commuter, but if you join a club or make friends, it won't feel that way.
Rhode Island College is an awesome school that has a lot to offer. It's a commuter school so the campus is somewhat dead over the weekend. I met a lot of great friends while attending and I was pretty happy most of the time. The campus is safe and there are plenty of clubs to join from. To be successful here you'll need to plan and play it by ear.
RIC is a great college, I'm so glad I went there to get my BS in Chemistry! The professors in this field are knowledgeable, and are always around to help you when you're struggling. RIC has renovated some buildings, so now there are extra places to study. And Student Activities' events were always a blast!
Be mindful of the campus police if you are a student of color. The food is mostly terrible and compared to hospital food, hospital food is gourmet. If they could knock off the racism and spend time actually cooking food properly it might be a great school in Rhode Island.
When you live on campus and everyone else commutes its hard to make friends and there is not much to get involved in. Food is awful and the school itself is not very inticing. I cant wait to leave.
There are many awesome professors at Rhode Island College. The campus is larger than it seems and there are a lot of nice study spots. Take advantage of all the opportunities available!
Nice school. Get involved in clubs and student activities and it gets immensely better.
Great school for popular majors such as nursing, psychology, education, etc.. But any other majors can get a better education elsewhere. Half of the professors definitely care for their students, but there's a bunch that also don't. If you're into just getting an education and not getting involved in anything then this may be the school for you.
Many serious issues brought up to campus police and Title 9 and they did nothing about it but allowed it to get worse. Thanks RIC
Went in thinking I wasn't gonna like it but turned out to be great.
I'm very involved on campus, so for me there's a lot of opportunity. The most common student here comes to class and goes home/back to their dorm. There are a lot of activities on campus through Campus Events and programming if you keep up with social media.
It get the job done.
You get your degree and that's all that matters. Other than that, not much going on
This college has some great professors. Most professors I had were very passionate and caring. I was an undeclared student and enjoyed every second. I had to transfer to pursue a degree that is not offered here. Very happy I started my college career at this place. I suggest going to Rhode Island college first before transferring anywhere else.
Most people are welcoming on campus and very helpful. The tour guides are phenomenal. I definitely recommend to first generation students. the community is diverse and its AMAZING. all the programs and help students have access to is great.
This place is what you make of it-- if you want to coast and get your degree without connecting to anything or anyone, you can. But there are plenty of opportunities to make it so much more! The students are passionate about their education and the professors are mostly great. A real hidden gem!
Rhode Island is a great college I have ever went so far!! My lot of friends are very nice to me and fun to hang out with at the clubs or something when I'm free!! The campus could be a small campus, but it's bigger than Providence College. Most of the classes in this campus are easy but be careful what would your professors be for your classes!!
Excellent college experience, class of 2017! I would consider going back.
i am a freshman who commutes and it is perfect.
Its worth it for what you pay. Good school of nursing and school of Education.
I've been going part time 7 years. I would not rate the Orientation and guidance high. I found out my senior year that it would be advantageous if I minored in a related subject. Why wasn't I told this before? I could have efficiently been selective on courses to pick to achieve a minor. I don't know what I'm not told. Students need mindful advice
